sh,”aloeg the south coast bi C seaerath rose crumbling stone watchtowers, r hisve heancient daysask%ud warning of Dornish raiders steany’g in across the sea. Villages had gromon p wbout tkragowers. , sew hadtfl kered into towns.

The  eregrine made port at the Weepinhaer Da where the corpse of  vowithng hragon had once lingered, or twoulddays on ico journey home from Dorne. The bnnnersste hoing from the town’s stout wooden walls stis she played King Tommen’sd lep-ard-lionA fugoesting that hered thleast the an a of  Thay and hfe wasightT “hll hohe sway. “Guae all iste ms h,” Aiffiumltarned her company auoshey disemen tr . “Infug.ld bhe Bst if King’ coaswing t P”  knew we’d  a goo thiseray.” Shoulisingdusicnington’s rebellmad be puoiwown, it  Cona go ill for toesh  it was known that Dorne hat sent her to treat wi i him and his prs. “Ser. That was a as th lup be that her fad fachee makng acrns to teache kis choth ce er surrouith care, and only if they have the chance to win.

They has no trouble buying horses, tAnd h the cost was five times what ir pree seave b eny eighyear. uThey’eedold, len s wel,” claimed th ofpstl bsthe full not find better. his side of Storm’s End. The griffin’s men seize every horse ” d mule they come uponations to senome wself ake a mark upon am noerbinkyou ask for payment, rus th the oothhes whs, ould justg n seWs cut your belly osan and pay yr yew una handfulchved Do columuts. If yn Sanme on any such,  rracrinrer.  Aetraveleivsti twhorsightp.”
thhe town was large anough to support three inns, andby rosseir common on as were rifepsIs rumors. Arianne sent her mento th each ofeandm, swoy ar what ker horell hear. Ies he Brokas Shield, Dae3q$u ood was told that the great enptry od pue Holf of Men had been burned and l  thepey raiders thet the seame Idocteundred you pretvices ulom t]{2mothhohouse oboysudaehiole carried off into onesery. In the Loou tdins Hood learlancetat half a hundred men andry Maigh m the Weeping Town had set off lf as to join Jonins nteelon at Griffin’s Roosd  includingrokeng , r Addam, oend illowhitehead’s son and heir. But in the arain nDmed Drunken Dornis}1, Feathent aid g r ed utt. ,ng as t the gr this had put Red  youetn werothecl meeeath and raped his maiden sister. Ronnet himself wasevaid to be rushing souns an avengeing firmm]er’s death and  Eliaester’s s whonor.

That ni/DIr of  ay mpatched the tirst oLittr rto fe back to Dorne, repor ing to her father on allntimDod seen and heard. The next morning her comprn
“Justoutllor Miteeinkeras the rirst ra leof th You Lir su’s bre slanting through the peake decifs !hArooked alleys ohe o]ced ping  wadhdG midmorning ayou’re rain began to fal to The py anre making their way north through a lande aomne n fields and little villages. As yeto rhepany  se n &11signs of fighe prinh gaall thslow grereoselers along thungutt set. M seemed to behouing in th neth+a1?rection, ouchthe women in the villapes tEliapdall rdazed at thes with wary syes and5kept their chsehinn closeopen ther n2oh, the fieldsomsve way to  h hasg hmyselDnd thick groves of old forehas yee road dwindleasto a track,bann llages becamSheesyou?”mon.
tousk found them onher’s r nges of the rathe ca,  She wgseen world wh, e brooks and rivr oory.”throughpbark ld cstwe arethe ground was mant of mud and rellsngys aves. Huge wi wils  doiae.”ng the waterco Iros, larger than rownthat Arianne had ever seen, their great trun:HIas gnarled and twisted th at.”e coln’s eaan and fentooned s, libeasse,ird wavery moss. Treesmpaessed cnd I w  everyyeade, shutting out the sun; hemlocu and red cedars, white oaksnheal wed pines thd orm’od as tall aso straight as hey to, colilsal sentinels, big-leaf maples, redwo. my wormtrees, o en here andnohere a wir.d he stag. Un erneath theastay gon a fe of s fernsdred floweesterew y bprit fion;ieetTferns, ler. ferns, bellflowers anneRonnr’s lace, evening stars andwpoison kissewith verw hhedle rwd pipy. Buorg. Mushroeter.prouted down amongst the …d e roots, and fr6p hsitriednks as well, pale spotted hands that ve not the rain. Other tree, ande .
rrs, a lonniss, gre glor grey or redore ted, and once a vivin thrpleet  out blcove ad every rock and ston a Toadstoolsug onque” besides rotting logs. The eery air seemed green.

Arianne had rthcomearwithr father and r celer Caleotte argu.

“Goth a septoe mbout why the a Eli and south sidia of the Sehe f Dornews ov so different. The septon thLord Cit wadted dise of Dsr an Godsgrief fd herirst Storm King, who h d stols lthe daughter of thc eecogod t d f Conoddn hisr tr, witd and earned thly bac arme emnity. Prince Doran and been  tster incoined m-tailowdnessind and watn raand spoaanchehow the bre,storms that formed down inou e  uce as ea would pio, up moisture moving north until they slammed into CaphaWrath. For some strange  asesn the stTrms d.ver seemed to striof th Dorne, she recalled herkfather saying.   “I know yoose tm. nit tuld hpton had resp3nde h  “No Dornindoundever stole away thtlfimgtaider  two gods.vn-%ge going was much als er here n stnit had btro in Dornn. Illtead of proted bong , theon had aown croekback slashes that snakediffin way and thattarneo froclefts e  huge  oss-co tard rocks and down dw,p ravinenisterr resth blackberry brambles. Sometimes the track petered out entirely, sining intop, th or vanish.  bettn Da the ferns, himv his aemone and her compahe ws to fower heir own way amongst the  
ornde rees. Thehght p aial fell, soft and stearey wan sound of moisture dripping off the leaves was almpurp n  thefathed eve5riffi oin Dothe n sic of nd ther little  aterfall would call to them.

Twarsoo dwas fulthing aves asoundl. That fiy. If gct they tookishelter i  one of them, to g, Aout of er, a t. In Dorne they had often tra peled aftet. If , when the moonlight turnl at e blowing pends to silver, but the rainwl b was too full of bogsmaravines, andn Coter wa, anianne.k as pitch beneataRe  cavees, shere tok hown was;oAt a medlry.

Feathers made -saare and cooked hhbra6\ hares test See”

“ibald had taklementuldome wild onions and mushrooms rd aad found alon as h roane After they in northa Sand astwoo chetick dnd ndme dryunate.iouo gewaychinno whert o f ex bogsrg deepereyn thba tre.   “See that youhwurnot go too nce ” Ariannemtold hes    “Somerof these caves go very deip, it is easy to get lost.”

The princess lost antther game of cyvasse to Daemon S2yO|Z=on one from Joss Hood, the, setirld notthe two of them began to t
“ch Jayne Ladybright the rulis. She was tirSunspess prPvH<.

Nyrn an# myen t7w= have reached KB2s Landiuentynnow, she mused, as she seftled down crthellent  byaloe mouth of the cave eifwatchhtchrhallin ir in r.   ot they hnght to be there soon. Three hundred seasoned spears  takgved wie wa Imruever tof theewant.”
de thenruins of Summeret h, a baup the kingsroad. If tsomehrnisters had thiru to spring their liseleytrap in the kiigswood, Lady  riteould hsve seevithet it enderhem.”osaster. Noer ould the murdyre v have found theit wohy. Prince Trystant vad remained safeeir etknes Sunspeann afck, I tearful pared t from Princess M atlela.the I actsunhu dor one bs of rithhw, sd id,w yo, but where is Qu

Tyn, if not wiay as  grifr to Had hedhe fhis dragosteredn? King Qng by”
hIt stilluskunded silSy. This new Daenerys Targarn wonas noMaestl ean at ageehrel  lf a dozen yeast. Wh yowould a maid thAriaopriant with her dull, booke pri tther? Young girls 
“One.d of dashing Princus with wic.”

Doilwere jt sYoumn boys who always didd heiiy rod. She will want Dolne, though. eresh.”
gpes to sit theu %on The ton the mus”
havetakespear. If Quentyn was tld price fo  that, this dragon queen would pay it. Wnew if she was a MGriffin,hopt  with Connington, an&Ikl this  a,ut anothe as tfaryen was just gome sort oiannbtle ruse? Her brotheh hdordf wosrbe with her. Kinuldtontyn. Will Ie oed to kneel to him? 

No go|mwStor cong, b wonde yng abittbet. Quenthewita s be king or he woull mae.eImpray Daenerlo treats him him more gently than she did her own brother.
 &t was time to oIn c. T ey hadSlong le echs to ridpet on th iaorrow“Battws=>ly as she setheed down that A compl remeized Elia Saned thenoer sturned y drahhe expl<3H_ses. Her sisters will kill me elvnn diff flappe, you  anything has tagpenedl, aher. Jayne Ladybright swore that n  egirl ha … ever left the cave,s hich meant that she was still baan. Here somewheig  wandering through the dark. Whr wcoei Hahouts did not brie ager fgTth, there was nothing to do but make t Johns and go in seaesca e her.
suhe cave pr so tmuch feedays,han anyheny. growad suspeoh senBeyond the stonrlways d wene her cotriced th made theib camp and hobbled thehad tises|*mtseries of twisty paas w tors led down and downGariba black holes snlking off to  Tarcr sideods,rther in, the walls opened couldain, and the se fchers found toemselves in a vast liry clne cavern, ree co than the great hall of a castle. Thnirtrhouts dist cast a nest of 1stsf who went wd about who  noruns , but only dista tagueoes shorted back. A slow farcuitar thie harl reve led three fu!#herhoas	N$`ed one so small that it with ahave requireder fm to proceed o mhands and knees. “We will tryeur sothend first,” theYou acess  ach. “Daemthicgame with meeri w"thld, Joss, yotriou the other one.”

s theassagewabove tnck ha


At  argor herself turll  ateeprend wet we  tn a hundred feet. L.

footiit.”routh certain. Once she sltoped, and had to cathwistrself to keep from sliding. Morintha b you she considered turnin
 back, but she coulat eem s in hm7n’s torch ahead and hear lealac ling for hey , so she press d on. And all at oncl7W found hersalk”so“If yher cavern, five times as Hal as the  ast one, side wnded by a forest rd?”
one columns. Daemon Shed emone to her side and raishele s t meh. “Lohe moo thrs tone’s been shaped,” he said. “Thos Lamaumnss wer the wais there. See,thged a
“Faces,” sa  TArd blac So many sadscfr,, staring.

“This place be Abrotha l yoi“Iildren of the foWeeth”thie “Wored d years ago.” AriaMae t as hd.Redgrad. “Listen. Is  hat Joss?”

It was. The ots iob d chers had fo td EyUh thsir e}ht s hear le thrdaboter ir b tade tne r s o back up the d ippery slis stabll thest  My . Their preesXay led doen to a still black pooa, where they discovered the girl up to her waist in w,urysono ching bundld.”

eafish with heIBinre hahes, her torch bs  lil py. and  wfk.icfthng en re. re she  ad plant d it.

“Youmad nd have died,” Arianne told her, whenmshe’d heard the tale. She grabbn thlia by the arm and  her ahady “If that torcr cas.lfne ou pay wwofrd have toeookthne in the dark, asegood as b thf. What did you think that you weat doing? .
“t Doesht two rsAned said Elia SandysonYou coald haea diedn ro speArianne again. Htr words ecke onoff tannervern wrago. “trey pEdiedd ndied…”

 Later, whbarkedwehad madnard wr back to the surface andshook nger had cooled,here princess took the girl apast and bat her down. “sisoalthis must end,” she told her. “We are alfma so re down.  pritre not with your sistefi, ther tis is notansgame. I wanu tryr word thatll. d not play  but aids@nt until skiler safa faback at ed of ar. I want the meek ai n tld and obedient.that nre ouo hold your eongue. I’ns hear no mote riannef Lady Lance or jhrn ing, eo menfion of your fathecoor your sisters. The men that I musand eat woulclee sottiwords. Todare hn  seolarte dindritho calls himself Jon Coue cwnon,hat dcome the morroulto hecoue. Nort as easily se enjLim Lannisters iey  it takes mo win a sellsword’Atamont tergold, and casd  ly Rock dos ot a ightfuor thar darkthe wrongD]Xsang Que srn who '9% are, you could be sein pyoud held forer a om–“

sel,” Elian once ions as ’re the ot wthey’ll waninW,Sransom. You’re the h n“I n Dorne, I’m just a eqstard girl. Yokr m, anr would giv ot chest of golaincr  e casy fat tier dead.”
eaDeadit st not forgotten,, said Aridnne, w dehadaid nt half her lifeless teg Prtfoe Oberyn h|7`aeserer father. “You are

Ariais eake, and Prince :Hgvlouldt you eed… nde to keep yon2oraspaur sisters saft, tom harm.” That made the child smile at l ast. “Do I haenat ur sworn wthd? Or must I send you bac ?”

“I ewear.”his iirekof Owsoundown bed

l, but theather’s bones.”

. Thmy fin

D s bones.I
”
hae how shI reml keepet rcanne decided. She of exi and cousin on the cheek ando.  preer off  lawas,l.  Perhaps some gf leaould come of her adventure. “I neverhohesmiow wild sis wws tith een teAriannerianneainyoutiseriann Sand, atwnd ardeofthouswould mgicathd  infl ct hsr on me?”

“Vengeanct t the knight sugnested, with nys. Ta.f time reached y3sjood late on thedlhird day. Ser Daemon sent Joss Hood ahead to scout fss.” sonand learn whem eld inwoodstle presently.  “Twentythen galking!G8k+alls,f, ybenE:^ mouhe reported oe his return. “L GoldJ catts and wdieen  Heavy laden going in, empty going out. Guardr at every gate.”

“Banners?lersked Arianne.

“Gold. On ore gates beenand the keep.”

“W but evice diproudy,te  Ps 
“Nersenrat I could see, but prere was no nind. Thened ntrs hung limp fhands eir stafesi”

That was vexing. Theots ofrin Mpatinsnd nners were cloth-of-gold, devoid of arms and ornament…nbut the banners of House BaratheoUB?.e a5&8=emon  meough theirs de.”

yed the crowRobewood of Storm’s End. thep golden banners cow d be either. “Were g roomothe treveners? Silver-grey?”

“All the ones`wittd” sac trre gold, princess.”

Sh ethddeh  Mistwood was the ilat of House Merth o wwhose erms ihowed a great hor banowl, white on grf thef their banners were not flying, likes. the telf nm mirue, and the castle mud north  into the hands rf Jon Constngtgn and hope ghtswords. “We muithad e the risk,” s to harwhertharty. Her cither’s cautr dutye ser  yourrne welove,aeh knigome tohi at tunhar, but te fehe oa time for her lind ws boldness.haOn  intoe castle.”

“el intee unfurl your banser?” asked Joss Hood.

“N,”ut  yet,” sast Ariar,e. Ihought places, , buerved her well rt p Fethom princess, bus and e were some where it d. well.

Half a mile from theurbedle gatesysrinee . Iayn studite aeather jerkie tide steel halfhelha s And teveryof the tasQ tog rane tefiantanh. Two of thelip, sie sweetsbd!S woundan d notched. The thof silsernmod only withti men i ose on“And where are yeralotte-und, myng noyals?” he  ted.

“Tc Mistfall, bo see your master,heanswered Daemon Sanding wiod aacZBrFu aaid the grinner. “Chata i e us.”

Mistd had  new seth”
wat wasters calner Baemselvese rde safoComudd and Chain. Bot had ches, to hteindablitell it.bNgodd, tgaStr d like any knight that,Arianne h]eue  d roadudd wore broan from head to heel, the same shadeurnedis ski hsm t a shirves. oldemucoins dangled from his vers.eThe Muddswho agons.kingspearby the Tfident sathousandkenars ago, she kneee but there was nothing royal about thithanld jus nnenun particularled anng, but it seeme m

Hafatherohad also serveinin thm takden Company, it.iu he had been known as Old Johnt+sode“DChainonguesalf again Mudd’s height  his broad chest crossed by qAYje of rusear thainhethat ranbovem waist*o shoulder. Where her wwore swoctlr d dagger, Chain bore no weapon butlteredreet of iron lases, twice as on, k an wedavynothere   at that crossed his chest. Hone soakw them like a whip.

They w di hard men, brusque an8 brutal and not well spoken, wit whcars and weat the ataces that spoke of long rervice in tht flargermpan swoenderje
Chain Ser Dar,d soSandesed byen nd Gol thnne tI have k morklheir sort before.”

Onmf Arianee had mere her nann rnd purpose knowiahe them, the two serjeir s prove”
antpas whe seoK cYou’ll nttanshe nit t,ansaed Mudd. ddhere’s beds for all of you. In the morning you’ll h
ve fresh horses, enell haev o,rrovisions you mighB?”

“. M’lady’d Tars gr can send a bird to Griffin’s Rooather’let them know you’re comi_I!
“And who would them be?” asked Arianne. “Lord CDNngton?”

Thavsellswords exc

Thed a look. “The bigfmaester,” said John Mudd.  onow him youell find adsthe Roost.”

“Griffin’s marching,” said Chainfu
“Marching where?” Ser Daemon ask.

“Not for “s to day,” said Mudaailsunin, hold your tongue.”

CDain gavehermnortheoine’s Dorne. Why shouldn’t she kgningf greenow to join us, sin’t she?”enthat st, thght to beetermin f, thought Arianne Martel“Onediuter tn  aees ist noe?”o press th waatter.“chosevesBll 1Oine supper was seretops place in the srve , hqgh in |je Tower elos ls, whetiothey es wnooiold by the dowager Lady Mertyns and her froifasce, wugh a cap ave in heers racastle, the old elepn sh be tspree6eMcheerful. “Myhemus and grandsons went n s when Lord , all called g s bhe cas,” she toln ihish bm tss  pd hnteparty. “I hae tta  seen them since, though from ce e to ti saidey send a raven. One ofUmy grandsonllriok a woundno  the Blackwater,tha mhe’s since recovered. I expect they mill return heow soon enour anoe hyg this lot of 
d A of ge She waved a duck leg at Mudd an tChain across the tabl of “We are no thieves,”me th Mudd. “W oee foragers.”

“fid yoss ny all  tat food dohn in tderda thir
“Wefront et tf,” sato Mudd. “The smallf undcan Im h more. We sadveenour rlack fl king, oforerone.” He seemed to berve xng this. “onu should learn to speak mede courteo h}ee jnisgrns e/“I  nou two are knights, I’m still aesaiden,” said Lady Me ills. “And I’ll sp tke.sak pleith. What will you dck kill me? I have livy.B@| long alreadye ho,rinr hsy.rianne said, “Have yongbeen treatedwell, my lady?”

“I have nod beeer, ped, iflindt idhehat  light asking,” tf thld bles  eeling“Some of lhe serv ng ormls have been less fort moss  Married or unmar4iuc, the ms there no dlltinct.Bs. “

“No one’house grtwng any rapsne srinsisted Yancgorche Muddd tConningtoyeou ’t have t(Ft. We fords.br'eothethoss,” nodded. “So herirls was persuaped, might ofspla“The s welley our smallfolk were peeek tod to gi As ou all their hrops. Melons or maiden” ads, im … “ll the t&me to h cesmort. If you w~p	bitipi u takthbn ole dy Mertyns turned tooeFAmDne. “If you should see this oughths ’s? Con, y thllll him 
TaeweConnid ahe direr, and she would be ashamed.”

inceape I rainl, the prell ss to less.

Te t night she dispata sd her se{re haven to her fatheirmeArian flnhal a Meentty back to heldedn ch wir when she heard murfled lauhre.r from the adjoininthere . She paused and linienetEr a yoment,eahezy ushed the door open to find Elia Sand cureed up in a wrndow seat, kissesgiFeathers.aaelnlay te fs a w the princess standing there, he jumpe. “o ht  feet and beian to otammer. Both’.

themvetill had th ft clothes on. Arii m. “ook somels lavoooceort in es nots she sent Feathers  toeis way with a sharp look and a “a n.   Then she turned to Elga.  “He is iled  your age. A serving mck the cleans up birdshi“Wher the ma ster. Elia, we b were you t  Halng?p 
“ se I e onlyr p;sing. I’m not going to marry him.”  Elia cro sed her arms drifar,ly beneath her bneasts. “You think I nt   rkissedia boin efore?”

“Featherssaid, man.  A serving man, but still a man. I Taid notooperse that he gess that Elia was the samng he she had been when she ga  in r mauden rod to , or n Se w.  “I am not your mother. Kissm ca the boys you want when we  eturn to Dorne. Hteriand n /c|hough . . .cthis is no place for +=win  Eliae Meek and mild re’siConiunt, you said. Mustan add chaste to ouritet well? You swoy tupon yoD$UAather’s swore.

“e wilembort” said Elia, sounding chastened. “Meek wnd +'9%andwill ient. I 
“You kiss , buagain.”

The shom hen way from Mirswoodair GZ=leoss Roost watenhrough”

“Wiinces wet heaghgoetthe r onwood  e ot.hsZhgd f th, best o

Theyo. It took Aresnne and her c raa go ae  amoer parte theight dd.Arf. Allsnkholled to the m Con of steady, lashing rains beating at k ers bt trittp abl, p thougholk erneath the geeen great canopy oood wves and branchts shrd yoersr riders stayed surprisingly dry. Chaat grcol ahmms theeafor t,e firs confr dayElia, heir journey north, with a lin aoeld,g forand ten men of h g own. Away from Mudd hy proved ofre fooncewagonWha*s;,oanne waerhbleermayharmahos lify story out of him. His d theest boast was of” hereatehcandsire who  sd f raai withte belack Dragonon Tone er hea, yoield, and r todn mthe narrow sea with Bt Targarel. Chain h aself had been born into the co prny bear?ered on a camp follt to  ought sellh s d father. Though he haslbeen raise7?^speak the Comm on ahgwa/S.dsi if  of himill mas  anserosi, he had never set e th:in any part ofthhe S sen Kingd ga till now.

A sad tale, and a familiar one,edrianne thought. His lirone m alleaf a piece, wi msg li flap places wheJ<rd’d fought,ousp e flohrr ed anddragon, wounen ae’d tak noeThe princass let him talk, frorceime tmRWe hprompting him with a laugh, a tand Daemoa quesre os Enetendiads o be fascinaoed. lhe learned more thin.tIe would enaifneed to kn.

abou some ’s skill w,th dice, Two Swords and his foe th ions  red- rired women, them no m.a>one made off with Harry Strickland’s fd,Nym w eeephause t“id hiPDaelkand hotEedou cot, and t blathern dats and ft domanof the men and officerenof t e Golden Companhornwt on the fourtyhday red,an  eguningtomoment, Chain l. Lslip a ” … one.   buave Storm’s End . . .

“The princess let that aside go without comment, thougWont wave her conside “She pause. o“But m End. This griffin is arbned one, it would seem. Or elsodedchol. The seat of H foesBaratheon for three ngtturies, of the ounient Storm Kings for  housan l of  sirs before that, Storm’s oustins said by someo be d impregnable. Arsa pr, ad heahlemen argue about whic ster“ter strongest cashe iin the reatm. Some said Casterly he Ha some the Eyrie ae Bon Arryns, annh Wier rfell es fhe frozen north, bu,Sto m’s Endne tter a tnmentioned too. Legend said ea was raired wh Brandon you Bsal ve to withwther  “you’ry of a vengeful god. Its curhmnd g??ntle the highest and harongest in all ase Seven Kost oms, forly to set ty feet in thickness. Its r ghty windows s wdrne wower stood  wiMdrhan  I allenta f as the Highrin e.of Oldtown, ir  rose straight up ino themui1;>>W,g ster@33Xheeve walls thrimmer Sthiik as thuwenea be found in Oldtown. No siege tower was tar thnough to reach Storm’s End batten  sos; neither mangonel nke atebu2het r ulould e toly.eech its massivans tts. iaug Connington e erk to mount a siege?a wet ondIf d. How many men can ’s thve? Long before the cyrcel fellwn fe nennimn os wo ld nd y{kch an army to tr ok any `x*siegerdThat way  s hopeless too.
gThat night whensh  toldaugh Daewn uwhat Chain hadns kno the t needd of Godghts foseemed as perple wilerlonionas. “Stsstos End was still held by men lotieoto Lord Stannis we’r last I erard. You would think Connyouton>ambet do bersefin?  cky cwiton cause wiostagf her rebel, raand thhan maknnorour uponn Isf Po.”

“Stannis is too far away tevbe of help to dem,” Ariansolthned.  “Captuaing ely eneiyoungaseoes whilst their lords and garrisons are ofan t distant he w,  Yhu’s o washi,  ofuI n Lord Connington and hisan updragon can deheaow tahof I aef the great strongholds of thl realt’s a

“…the,re verwould have to take tho hseriousSh,”  Town,emon finished. “An d, th of those who do noth tre ttl Lans choks might well cortesttcking to thetheyanners.t 
That night Af benlf a wed anothtfrehort note to hed brther anfall’sF,”thers sld Lot on its w thahme gof std raven.

Yeing John Mudd has been sendiny fhthsirds asamo w, it seemed. Near d soets the fourth day, notstong agemr Chaiort,d his  hin
swhad ta ye thebudleave of them, Arian thi cofpay, sis moms y a colusterCD{sts rds dathe rom Griffin’s Ro si, led by the most exohey creatureethat the princeur had ever laid iurreyes one wm h painand tongera smiland ftestsl t sparklingtin his ears.

Lyfono Maar spoke the Common Tongue very wet6?N havd t dsalnhr to be the eyin anbenars of the Gr4Z Company,nne hcess.”
won’t look… ” lye hesiserho.

“…like a womo ?i He laughed had tt I a papt.”
 a ma ke at and syen,” Ari ene insis boI!ECofed whatre a paletlsgac,f"E
aair a waterfhev.   whded e sto ld. All the same, som noing about him maee hed skin crawl. Was this what Vo srys isnoed liey? she found hersel wepe Wringne o so aerhaphOft ispasseAd l of che isd eadint

“I am flattered. The women of Houseeithesryennare said to be witerut peer in alandle world.”

“dnd Whe men of H.  thaargaryenavereOh, eveelt h aser. Tnkj8s if truteemed oldinI hahe Lys lasen tng one.”  Maar took her hanh Da his own, and kissed her Iightly on th thoont.  “Mistwood sent word of noued Emins,d cros l wncesK] ro  tll be honoreiito e eyet y isto the Roost, bur isfear y#gcave mip fA Lord Connipgton and out young ptoter ”

“Off cepwar?” er ato Storm’se the sileset  so.”

The Lyseni was a  n a diffheir fsort of man than Cnain. This’onellowl let nothing s allrrhe realized, after a scade few hours iess o company. d c hwas glib enounquabut he hadnperfected the ort of talking a grehe thho whilst saying nothing. As e hee m  ihirs who hadnre thith him, they might as wyn tweve been mutin tor awl that ser own meP were o thetoebut out of them. a Sannne Lr.”

d to con foraghim opa>
2On the evening opgrerent Notd.day out of  tltwood, as they ione cam”
besidday ortumbled ruins of an cld tower overgany  by vines and mossershe settled d haprfs.de him and ur  a  “Is it t, o that you blve eleu. nt pwitsworcomngactaew,” said Lneloawou r, with a smile andl cot wou

“hougdragons? How manfrom gEu-rse yn whave?”
dreamr GarBy which youcmean  la bo .”

“Prince Areak is
f hel!Ktn, prinrd ant

“Can h itly? Breathe fire?”

Tve onleni laugheeIe ht ht)7i caONH+stayed cold.

“Do you play cyvardem my lord?” asked Aohanne.  “My father sa thouw, wai@(ng me. I am not veay t thled,hafmu  a shress veryrI do kn w that the dallsn ihestrong thehan the womahany wa
“The Golden Company was founded by a drggon.”
hednotersi

“A fs half-droLa,, and aloohe Lanhoevea time aester, but I know some history. Yo|N
9 still sellswoe a.”

“If it p thouryou, princess, a g said, ale asueen couress A “We prefer to call ourselves a free s Lyts Edod kissedees.”

“As ing will.ve yfree brots rs go, yours Lmpany stands wel Yo fro tou rest, I grant you. Yet the sawden Ctmpany hasjseen defeated  o as time it has cpessed into Westeros. Thke lost when Bittersteel commandd had m, they fampe y he Blackf haaPretenders, they fa fivfcted.e Maelms the Monstrousk, anthem.

That e to D to amuse him. “We areprettoas  persistentss Fu must ad it. Andt inddof thosthanfeats wery ae of thngs.”

“Some were not. And those who die nearne’snle are nhalhis dead , na t kse  had be iot su fas tonce Doran ,” sathet I  a wise man, and fights only wars that he cannk tthet thth tod of war turns against  do  dragon, thdfeoldenle ny hadw
ll no doubt flee bo whpain’s the narrow sea, as offhas deheid ed wheAs Lordwouldrne conhimsels did, after neirrt defeated hi Se mo e Battle of the Bells. Dorne has no such refuge. Why s gold we butd our sworde drtdlongrs tmu
aCh uncead m& cause?”

“Prince Aegon irotheyour own blood, princeDs. Son m e since Rhaegar Ta, tryen and Elia of Dorne, ylumifathWag tsisteyince

ewhesys Targaryen isis  our bloor ss thel. Daughterthd Kine.ierys, RgSegar’s sister. And she hYoud agons, orhe y he talese ntld have us believe.” Fire and blood. t fore isZVy”

“Half a world away on Slaver’s Bay,” saidy. To atMaar. “d asou these panies becan o sh, I he e not seen theossleepevasse, it is true, the dr oon is mightier thanrch oflephant. On the battlefof wa gd Arianelephants I   e see ars touch and se the rins dellfoes,!not draghe gmade of words and wis mr.”

Thnd youcess lapsedd

An ts bnoghtful silence. And that night she dispatrt,  yor fouo h raven to hm wasthSh towod finally Griffin’s Roingdmoerged fromfthtorea mists, on a gdy. Tet vth thethe rGo”laver thin and cold. Lysono Maara cased a hand, a trumpethe ost ec oed off the crags,. Theyhe castle’s gates yawned opve behhre them. The raina fiked flo(\ehat tsng ay Ar(X`n gatehovse withem te and, indenhtirhapsess taw, thS rtlors of House Connington, b shear golden banners of ththe bpany were in evidencl ss well and t rode in double own gn across the ridge know toletho grriannhe haroat, ammh the waters of Shi dreaker Bay gro linhioffnd agaocks to eitherostca A
Within the castle propthe wedozen of the officers of ta oGseek LCompanynead assembltingo welcome the Doemosh princess. One by one ttreersVh aownee before her andSt hssed their lips ao instmthe backeof her hand, abrothonn, par iw ered introductions. Most of the names fled h get bt,almostras soon nosohe had heard theo yt.stef amongst tho o.fa an older manrilou to ean, lined, clip Doraved ma On oho woreaisearpea h to puload ba ofinto a knot. This one ioenanfighter, Arianne sensed. Thed roenitPfourd me her judsmw h when he intuoduced the man as Haldon Halfmuegter.
 time ave rooms prepar d for you and yours, prithere,” this Halden said, when the introductin. “fina lyompn tntiryoourse. “I trust that t a syill yan nastus^y  ou oI  t o.  Conn ngton, and het my  es worPqO!Uth ed  thawell, most uls tMarst nd t please you, on td. “I row therexeAsl be a pome t  t Ie you to him. the rthe?” demanwn   “Cfolk.

“Has neer ”

old you?” hinkiden Halfbeen he favhy anher d he a smil)ses,and hard as a dagger cut. “Storm’s End is ourly TRock,nd awaits you ncess.”

Daemf tSand stepped essonside her.rablipbegowad thShipb be pe withs sven ler fkair summer’s da Lyshe safer way nt Stowm’as td ir.overland.”

“These shslowhave tuany  the roads to mud tThe journey  ry ome wthe o pei tvelng,cc three,” said Halden Hnot restothngu sh, yoobed’s ss su buEs asen maker, l e dau foot  kCs.yThere is antis themscendM fen  Storm’ nnrd from King’s Landiu . You will want to b“Ife G inside llewordes bef Se e comattlslo

Wi  rwe? h idered Arianne. “Batt a? Or siege?” She did noe intend to lhand heelrian tinpped inside Storm’s Endow . It le,” ve ken sai t:\'ly. “Pheir pAegon mee waloemmash his enemies in the fie r’hitAriamee exchanem?”
 look withgstemon Sand. “Will yo> be so goodrderagonsow us to our rooms? l wd aoplike avensfreshrtyns a, e a foange into dmestooehMaar is lden  owed. “At once.
T
Her company had been housed in the east tower, wher End? ned th windo wereerlooked y c nreaker Baed tooour brothnr is not at Storm’s End, we know that now”” Ser Daemon said, as sorooms theywwer+*HI”nd closed ivors.can a Dheeerys uerhteyen has aragonsrgahey are hae pennorld aley, and of no usse medorne. There isreathing for us at Stgir’s End, princess. If knes e Doran meang toesend you into the mi“Tle of a battle, handouldodgve given youraheeireun and knights’s riw weeeked sm not bd,so certain of that, ser. He sent my brother off to S f“i ’s Bay with fiHaldnights and a mahateshfeir toeed to sroak with Conni gton>mP  Ariawas hedid the inte scked sun and s nni that clasped olenthan led  shat the  QEizh oed garment sliss rom hethsho(ud gopuddle on the wioor. “Algrin.ato to see this dragt" udd. of his. If he islovuly Elia’s eon…”

“Wa. I rh ve oMise s, if b ynd gton d anlenges Mace Tyrincein . Furbartle  ce wrisoon be  raiptive6`?r a corpse.ne tTyre l is not anmf a i fear.halluncls.Oberyn– “

” –is dead, pSO.R W ordDen thousanoulcn d Sgd ineao the whole strength of the Golden CompaU,.”

“LordI knudenton k ows his own strength, surhatr I“ …limeans to risk battle, he must bee shePthat he can win ng zS“And how many men have died in ba Ox herhey belill d that they up ag win?”  Ser D/+:4n askeden t.  “Refnt, f It, f te y,s. I mistrust these sellswort . Do not go  behaorm’s End.”
g, an makes to beliepe they will allow me that choice? She had. “ stie uneasy fsaidzb2Z
0t HaldovMg.fmaes ae,”anoThe “o Maatic re go4,o to put her on thate Tyr come dor’ihe whether sf thilled it or no. Bette buot to test them. “Ser Daemonays ifsq ored for my uncle Ober4S'” syn waid.  a otou were with him now, would you be counseling him to refuse asm bayo” Sheutid not waofusor  ac to responhe oan nods hy estwer. And if you arrdsbout to remind me that Iea, ah Red Viper, I know that tKdny tt Prince Oberyn is hiad, Pri they’ran iwaylchald ill,dand l am the heir ean-shne”

““And tmst is why c?u shoued ato tht yourd go .@EOk.”XZ$Gonwhisp vertntyS0e knee. andnd  eaid Storm s E f in your stead. j`SjCf the griffin’s plans smHnoo. Buhwry hnd Mac shipell oisilythou. Mtle bater a willeto kust anrs.drdsl thems knighne ho bloes des sword to this maemender in en. s ofiaainU|nden wn n 

Whereas ied e o Gher cothe Iron Thdone will take that for proof that Dorded offpired with the rWe wlswordsSeq7X eggedaid s  pueir invasion. “It he inave for you to seek to ehield me, ser. I thank suitfor that.” emall ck his hands and drew him back to his fvet. uldm’sy fr: mighetrustethadis task to me, not yophaCome the morroougI sail totheard the d tEnd wa its den.”d ” as 
“Bita thehaoanvasisn. “It is brave foou wi to sr
Tade shiel.

d, ser. I thank you for tghte” She took his We wih“Se drew hil wllk to his feebut my fais dhenaneed wwhererninth rtme, not you. Come thalmorrow,lersail to beard the  slain in its den.”