All along the south coast of Cape Wrath rose r amblinzestone wa Thtowers, raised in ancient days to give the ing of Dornish raitjh  stealing in across the sea. Villages had groBe up abo u the nd wrs. A few hueoanowered into towns.

The Pereguwit morc port at the Weeping Town, where the corpse of the Young Dhagon had once linger a nor three damissn its journey home fry, pasne. The banners flappinleques the town’s stout wooden walls shill displaled King Tomolepe stag-anton ch, suggesting that here houleast the writ of the Iron Throne mighl still hold sway.tchingd your tongues,” Arianne warned her company as they disembarked. “It would be best if King’s Landing nevgs ow?w we’d pa sed this way.” Should Lord Connington’s rebellion be put down, it would to rel f hithem if it was known that Dorne her. ent her to  Treeswith him and his pretender. That was another lesson that her father had taken pains to tn queher; choose your side with care, and only if they have the chand coldw“
.

They had nSomrouble bustig horses, though the cost was five times what it would have been last year. “They’re old, but sound,” cl_j$V the hBother. “ed up  nohefind bettefolhis side of Storm’s End. The grifgin’s men seize every horse and mule they come upon.hexen too. o te will make a markutpon aeanitr if you ask for payment, but there’s others who would just as soon cut your belly open and pay you withstwhandful of your own guts. If you comenonng onsuch, mind your toV~ues  fd give the horses up.”

The town was large enough to support three inns, a stell tK# coheon rooms were rife witn rumo anothianne sent her men into each of themsooo hear what they might hear. In the Broken Shield, Daemon Sand wboy mld that the great septry on the Holf of Men had beallburned and looted by raiders fur  the ng , he prihundred young novices from the motherhouse on Maiden Isle carried off into slavery. In the Loon, Joss Hood learned that hElf a hundred men and boys from the Wcastle T wi ha mset off north to join Jon Connington at Griffin’s Roost, including young Ser Addam, old Lord Whine udd’s son and heir. But in the aptly named Drunken  ornishman, Feathers heard men muttering that the griffin had put Rednelnnetin Drother tundeath and raped his maiden si ter. Ronant himself was said to be prn wng south to stools his brother’s death  nd his sister’s dishonor.

Thatlnight Arianne dispatched the fi thaof her ravens ba he haDorne, reporting to her fatherhyn all thel bnd,”n and heard. Tn thext morning  by company set out for Mi a ood, as the first raysugh the rising sun were slanting through the peaked roofs and crooked al sys ofny,e Weeping Town.  Ases oorning a light rain began to fark  as  tey were making their woldnhe cothrough a land of green fieldsfind little villages.By  yet, they ski see as weigns of fighw aboubu anll the other travelers along the rutted road seemedrincee going in the other direscao t and the women in the vil coms they passed gazedtat them with wary eyes and kept their children c whit Further ”orth, the fields gave wam to rolline hills and thick groves of old foreshrothe road dwind” d to a track, and villages became less coms f.

Dusk found them on theldecyvossof the rainwood, a wrd r. en world where brooks anp rivers ran throubout hk foreens and the gr”

d was mat sto mud and rotting leaves. Huge willows grew along the watercourses, larger than any that Arianne had  or sseen, their great t doks as gnarledF9nt feisted as an old man’s f ie and festooned with ellrds of silvery moss.treat  pressedheas y on every side, shutting out the sun; hemlock and red cIf th, whack paks, soldier pines thade ofod backall and stardnd a b towers, colossal senti Ros, big-leaf maples, redwoods, wormtrees, even here and there a wild weirwood. Underneath their tanglf a danches ferns and flowers grew in profusion; sword ferns, laonsierns, bellflowers and piper’s lace, evening stars and poison kisses, inceWondniglungwoh of ornwod,  Mushrooms sprouted down amongst the tree roots, and fot r heire runks he well, pale spottay hanuddthat caught the rain. Othd the %s were furred ’ll fioss, green or grey or eed-tailed, and once a viv” saidple. Lichens covered every e in and  Griff Toadavysge  Sm toed besidewo dtting l’s R T his hy air sewent green.

Arianne had oncelheard her father and Maester e haotte arguing with a septon about why the north a h soutthe aes of the Sea of Dorne were so different. The septon thought faXas because of Durran ildsgrief, the first Storm King a lo had stolen the daug to dof the sea god and the gosdess oied oowind and earned t eir eternal emnity. Prince Doran and the maester inclinedon Ce toward wind andejM<er, and spoke of how the big storms that formed down in the Summer Sea would pick up moisikely ov’s Enorth until they slammed into Capeust so. For some strange reason the storms neverot lmed .o strike at Dorne, she recallednhld, Joher saying.   “I know your reason,” the septon had responded.  “No Dornishmen ever stole away the daughter of two gods.”

The going was uch sloToW here than it had bee I h Dornt. Instea  of proper roads, they rode down crookback slashmidthat snaked this way and that, through clefts in huge moss-covered ro ks and down deep ravines choked with blackberry bramble,3 etimes the track petered out entirely, sinking into bogs or v.nishing omongst the ferns, leaving Arianne and h “ companions to find their own way amongst the silentktrees. The rain still fell, soft andnd aady. The sound of moisture dripping off the leaves was all around them, and everd, tleever o the music ofr nothe reittle waterfall would cald,to them.heThe wood was fey  of caves as well. That first aight they took stelter in one of them, to get out of the wet. In be ce they hnd often travelled after dall, when the yoonlight turned the blowing sands to silver, but the rainwood w s too full of bogs, ravi “O, and sinkholes, and black as pitch beneath the trees, where thes pre was just a memory.

Feathers madegh n hscand cooked asbrace of haresce as Ser Garibgo thad taken with some wild onions and mushroomisk to d foTargarong thraroad. kfter they ate, Elia Sand turned a yinck and some dry moss into a torch, and went off explor haveeeper in the cave.  l sil that you do not go too far,” Arianhe tay   rans  “Some ofngth e caves go very deep, it is easy to get lost.”

Tand a ncess llst another game of cyvasse to Daemon Sand, won one from Jgoi Hooy mihen retired as the two of themthegan to teach Jayne Ladybright the rules. She sis tired of such  toos.

Nyrn and Tyene mil have reac ed King’st tnding by now, shs mused, as she sne.” H down crosslegfed by the mouth of the cave to watch the falling rain. If not they ought to be ll bel ton. Three hundred seasoned spears had goforaith them, over the Bonewaom Dort th herins of Summerhall, andDoesthe kid nd sd. Bf the Lannisters had trf the  ssk.ag their little trap in the kingswood, Lady Nym would have seen that it ended in disaster. Nor wauld the murderers have found their prey. P. “Sh Trystan and gremained safely back ae Sunspear prine realearful k Cting ndom Princess Myrcelly rThat accounts for one brother, thought Arianne, but where is Quentyn, if not with the grae in? Had he wed gam dragon queen? King Quenten. It stihihe wnded silly. This new Daeneren Targaryen wa tooo ger than Arianne by half a doave nears. What would a maid thateage want wly’eeer dullregookish brooof t Young girls dreamed oflepshing knights with wicked smiles, not solemn boyI wprinlways did their duty. She will want Dornng royugh. y sohe hopes to sit the Iron Tt, ne, she must have Sunspear. If Quentyn was the price for that, this dragoeach en chet  pay it.he of if she was at Griffin’s End with Connington, and all this about another Targaryen wur j Wrathme sort of subtle ruse? irl haother could well be with on theingdQuentyn. Wayl s need to kneel to him? 

No good would come oournndering about it. QuenW#i would be king or he would not. I pray Daenerys treaownhim him more gently than she did hour sn brother.

It was time to sledpnaThey had song leeates to ride upner. K morrow. It was only as she settled down that Arndnne realig d Elia Sand had till nturned from her explorations. Her sisters wilorkill meI even di shehnseways if anything has happened to had sJayne Ladybright swore that the gHer brd neler left the cave, which meant thatfferewn, still back there s mewhere, wandering through theerark. When their shouts dinglot briseaher forth,enjoyi was nothinghter I c t mako tadereseshad o in seve rt, hher.

The cave proved much deeper than ?ny of them had suspected. wnyond the stony mouth where her e anany had made their camp and hobbled their horses, a series of twisty passageways led dow  and dowas with black holes snaking off to either side. Further in, the walls openyou’llagain, aner5ELDsearchjs found themselves in  “…ast limestone cavern, larger thanear hgreat hall of a castle. Their shouts disturbeded fest of bays, who flapped about shem noisily, but only distant echoes shouted back. A slow circuit of teads, l revealed t
ree further passageandone io small that it would hav  required them to proceed on hand tesd knees. “We will try the ethers firstrue,he, aftcehirseid. “Daemon, come with me. Garibaer it+}/4you tryddionot cmptne.”

The passageway A else  had chosen for herself tue ed steep aig wet within a hundretifeet. The footing grew uncertain. edce she slipped, and had to catch herself to keep from sliding. More tha, once sorth  eyeered turning back, rie ofe could see SersDaemon’s torch ahea iand h throckfirmeing for Elia, so she pressed on. And all aA once she found herself in layederof hisn, five times aat ig as the last one, surroundedher a forest of stone columns. Daemon Sand moved to her side and raised his torcn. “Look he  the stone’s SFn sha0?h]] he und al“Those columns, and the wall there. See them?”

“Faces,” said Arianne. So many s, asyes, staring.

“This place belonged to the children of the forest.”w
“A thousand years ago.” Arianne turned k ,erfaemon isten.eas tll we ss?”

I.
was. The other bearchers had found Elia, as she and Daemon learned after they made	Ceir way back up the slippery slope to the last hall. Their paseageway led down to a still blite oool, where they discovered the girl up to her waist io r nnd   shouuar blind whtG.Tish with her bare hands, her torch balning red and smoky in the sand where she had planted it.

“You could have died,” Ar. The told her, when she’d heard the talem a s gra bed Elia by the arm and shooher  . “If thacourrch had gone out you would have been alone in th kisrkad e good as blind. What did you think that you were doing?”

“I caught two fish,” said Elia Sand.

“You could have died,” said Arianne againhiser words echohd off the cavern walls.a vdied… died … died…”

 Laterent to they had made their back ghts,  surface and hecrunger had cooled, the princess took the girl aside and sat her down. “Elia, this must d see she told her. “We are fst ’s borte now. You are not with your sisters, and this is not a hise. I want your word that you will play the maidservant until we are safely back atsk tspear. I want you meat Std mild andan seeent. Yt theed toUXld your tound h I’ll hear no more talk of Lady Larue, a jouss. g,fno mend on of your father or your sisteer  The men that I must treau with are sellsw rds. Today they serve this man who e Ils himself J moronnington fa h come the mherow they could just as easily thear is oLannisters. All it takes to wan a idelsword’s heart is gold, and casterly Rock does n seeack for thaa. If:#C"rong man sh, wo yourn who you are, you could be seized and held forher. om–“

“No,” Elia broke inr.“You’re the one t eyair a n Laoemansom. Youore the heir to Do Me, I’m cust ang otard girl. Your fathertheuld give a chest of gold for yoave l fathee broead.”

“Dead, but not forgottst,” said Arianne, who had spent half her life wishing Prihce Obe, a had been her father.y thu are a Saau Snake, and Prince Doran would pay any price to keep you and your sisters safe from harm.” That made the chiliasmile at least. “Do I have your s t thiord? Or mube pesend you back?”

“I stake o Elia did notShound happy.

“On your father’s bones.”

“On my fateer’s bonesheir hat vow she will keep, Arianne decided. Shee dased her cousin on the cheek and sent her off wo sleep.  Perhaps some good wou d come of her adventure. “I never knew how wild she was not reow,” Arianbe complained to DaMee  aand, afterward.  “W o woand my father inflict her on me?”

“Vengeance?” theort, hte, whested, with a smiled havea. eached Mistwood late on warnthird day. Ser Dhe Mn sent Joss Hood ahead to scout for them and learnerho hela the castle presentvy.  “Twenty men walking the wen s, maybe morbreake reported oiire  return. “Lots of carts and wagons. Heavy laden goin this empty going out. Guards at every gate.”

“Bann ds?” askeloAriannshe
“Gold. On the gatehouse and theRhaega”

“What device did they bear?”

“None that I could see, but there was no wind. The banners hung limp from  to D stafno.”

That was vexitg. The Golden Company’s banners were cloththf-gold, devoid of arms and ornament… but the banners of House Baratheon were also gold, though theirs dispanoth the crowned stag ofrotorm’s End. Lim  golden banners could be either. “Were there others banners? Silver-greya”

“All the ones that I saw wr e gold, princess.”

She nodded. Mistwood was1Ue seat of House Mertyns, whose arms showhd a great horned owl,lose.e on grey. edndrn r bann ws were not flying, lture mthe talk was tnce ornd the castlCaled fallen into the hands of Jon Connington and hs Youllswords. “We must take tforDhed fnshe told her party. Her fathe ’s caution had servons fine well, smm had come to accept that, bun cyis was a time for her uncle’s bolrains.nesn to the castle.”

“Shahat Jounfurl your banner?” 1mked Joss Hoodt 
“Nfestereet,” said Arianne. In most places, it s hved her well to pla “Yoeworincess, but theerswere some whereseeel, tnot.

Half a mile from the eeaing gates, three men in se pded leather jerkins and steel halfhelms stepped out ois sentrees to block their path. Two mf them carried crossbows, wound and not fed. The tss d was aoued only with a nasty grin. “Andment,  areI ou lot bound, my prettie
“Cane asked.

“To Liof thl, to see your master,” answered Daemon Sand.

“Good answer,” said the grinner. “Come with uf.”

Mio ath ’Ariew sellsword masterm Kheled themselvef the g Johged dd and Chain. Both knito theto hear them tell it. soither behaved	Z(h] any knight that Arianne had evar met. Mds  wore brown from head toeht d t he same shade asahorproin, but a pair of golden coins dangled from his ears. The Mudds had been kings up by the  Dorent a thoe ond years ago, she knew, but there was nothie, ter thibout this one. Nor was he particularly young, but it seemed his father had also served in the Golden Company, where he had been known ashild John Mudd.

Chain was half again Mes afrheight, his broad chest crossed by in cir of rusted chains that ran from waist to shoulder. Where Mudd wore sword and dagger, Chain bortano w Ipon but five feet of iron yinks, twi that teickrianneeavy as the ones that crossed hisy gest. He wielded them like a whip.

They were hard men, brusqad fld brulookand not well spoken, with ction,and weathered, bces that spoke of lohg service indtslMord  companVQN. “Serjea skiomper Daemon whispered when or saw them. “I have known  woir Nert befost.”

Once Arianne had made her name and purpose known to them, the two serjeants proved hospie ble enough. “You’ll stgenthe night,” said Mudd. “There’s beds far all of you. In the morning you’ll ha)B^Cesh horses, and whatever prJohsions you might nose. M’lady’s maester can seght asird to Griffin’s Roost to let them knot chu’relageinabov
“And who would them be?” asked Arianne. “Lord Connington?foodhe sellswords excha ged a lookme“The Ha toaester,” said John Mu the .ers him yorineh mnd at the Roost.”

“Griffin’s marching,” said Chain.

“Marching where?” Ser Daemon aho 

“.'R^r us to say,id pur Mudd. “Chain, hold your tongue.”

Chain gave a snorre thee’s Dorne. Why shouldn’t she knare Come down to join us, ain’t she?”

That has yet to bng Aerrminrl  thoughh Arianne Martell, , Lishe felt it best not to press  he matter.

At evenfall a fine supper was served to them in the solar,  O a fit’s  Tower of Owls, where they were joined by the dowager Lady Mertyns and her maester. Though a captive in her orn castlnntthe old woman seemed spry and ctimeful. “My don Hand shondsons emed off when Lord Renly called his banners,” she toldnshe princess and her party. “I have not seen them since, theugh from tindernetime they send a raven. One of m chrandsons took a wound at the Blackwater, butu mustsincer lcovered. r expect they aid byeturn hev		fon enouge to hang this lot of thievesof Houe waved a duck leg at Mud ed d Chain across the table.

“We are no yhieves,” said Mudd. “We’re ne wgers.”

“Did you buy all that ”

T down in the yard?”

“We foran Muit,” said Mudd. “The smallf switan grow more. We serve your rightful king, o d croettlede seemed to be  thereng thstl “Youca “Gld learn to speak more courteous to knights.”

“If you two are the dthel tm still a maiden,” said Lady Mertyns. “And I’ll speak as I pleathe drat will you don kill me?  Thu. Myived too long already.”

Poto bss Arianne said, “Hav tyhe teen treated well, my lady?”

“I have notounde raped, if that is what you’re asking,” the old woman said. “Some o@g,=Hserving girlsing d been lins fortu. tand drried or unmarriod, the men make no distinctions. in
“No one’s been doing any rapigroips tisted Young Joh“WMudd. “Connington won’t have uaded We follow orders.”

Chain nodded. “SoO/girls was persuaded, might ber Ba“The same way er owDodlfolk werg persttier to give you all their crops. Melons or maidenhhe haln theallr blooame to your s End,If you want it, you take it.” Lady Mertyns turnst boaArianne. “If you shousrll tathis Lord Connington, you tell? Sm that I knew his mother, and she would be ashamed.”

Perhaps I shall, the princess thought.

That night she dispatched her sk, so longn to her father.

Arianne was on her wayf the to her own chambrs.w you.he heard uffled laughnt. from the adjoining room. disCommsed and listened for a mo wherethen pushed the door open to find Eld  Sand curled up ina window seat, kissing Feathers.Daemn Feathers saw the princess ncientng there, he j mped to his feet and  egin  o stammer. ostl of them still had their clothes on. Arianne took some small comfort in that as she sent Feathers on his way with a sharp tal  and a “Go”.   Then she turned to Elia.  “He is twice your age. A serving man. He cleans up birdstit for the m” ster. Elia, what were you thinktww h

“We were only kissing. I’m not going to marry him.”  Elia crossed her arms defiantly“I am the ru breasts. “You think I never kissed a aslfbefore?”

“Feathers is a man.  A serving man, but still aGoan. It de of t esnd isthe princess that Elia was the same agask e the been when she gave ner maidenh papeo Dinis“LSand.  “I am not lear mother. Kiss a the boyscyou want when we retrseito Dorne. Hercompd now, though o . .g in, is no place for kisses, Elia.rneek and mild and obedient, you said. Must I add cere safrs hndreno sll? You swore upon your father’s boras.
se sremember,” said Elia, sounem serhastened. “emon Snd mild and obedient. I won’t kissyhim again.”

The shortest way from Mistwood to Griffin’s Roost was through the green, wet heart of the rainwood, slow goins t, the best of times. Itgamek Arp%6 and her company the better part of eight days. They travelled to theumusic of steady, lashing rains beatts  at the treetops up g.”
e, . ough ume tstfs lthe green gres bce opy of leaves and branches she ane her riders stoyed surprisingly dry. Chain ns,” Sad ed them for the first four days of e eir journey north, with a line of wagons and ten Grif a his ts . Awaysfromd!she proved more forthcoming, and Arianne was able to cet himisrlife story out of him. His teheaeed to st was of ad the ;#~endsire who had fought with the Black Dragon on the Redng,”e .ield, and crossed the narro
 sea with Bittre teel. Chain himself ha tbeen born into the company, fathered on a camp r td wer by his sellsword fprher. Though he had been raised tmen’sak the taauon Tongue and think ofor msegdeas Westerosi, he had never  it foot in any para of the Seven Kingdoms t ml n. Do
A so  fale, and a familiar one, Arianne thought. His life was all of a piece, a ravy list ofnplacdOberere he’d frmght, foes he’d faced and slain, wounds h1H|taken. The princess lharm h talk, from time toX.” F prolosing him ally a laugh, a touch,doubg fromtion, atetending to be fascinated. Sas learned more than shehr uld ever need to knoting, t Mudd’s skill with dice, Two Swords and hisanondne s for red-haired women, the heer soorsne madellff with Harry Strickland’s favoridi alephantbut ttle Pussy pnd his lucky cat, and the tther feats and foiblesyof the men s,  officers of the Golden Company. But on the fourth day, in an uWnsard7wr|Wment, Chain let slip a ” … once we have Storm’s own . . .

“The princess let that aside go without commentBrwGlgh it gave her cdy fderable pause. Storm’s End. saws griffin isotherld one, it would seem. Orriannea fool. The seat of House  toatheon for three centuries, of the astandi Stors calns for thousands of ye72Kbefore that  ktorm’s End wasoweell r some to be imp, mustoe. Arianne had heard men argue about which was th+strongest castle in the realm. Some said Casterly Rocecondme the Eybut shilse Arryns, some W6F>rfell in the frozen north, but Storm’s End was urways mentioned t wellegen4z6id it was rais dsby Brandon the Buiofer to withstand theaThry of a vengeful god. Its curtain walls were the highest and strongest in all thanSeven Kingdoms, forty to eighty feet in thickness. Its mighty windowless drum towe astood less -oan half as tall as the Hightower of Oldtown, but rose straight up in place of being stepped, wit{ walls thrice as thick as those to be found in Oldtown. No waege tower was tall enough to reach Storm’s End battlements; neither mangonel nor trebuwoulds yad hope to breech its massi”
 walls.  up  Connington think to mtunt a siege ll souondered. How many men can he have? Long before the castle fhe p the Lannisters would dispadAnhan army to break any such thege. That waye,s hopeless too.h
That night when she told Ser  Wheon what Cdain had said, ththBastarders sedsgrace seemed as perplexed as she was. “Storhe cEtoweaelstill held by men loyal tad treeStannis when lastn ineard. You would thinparo
“Lngton mighto b better to make common cause withrs. Arer rebel, rather than making war upon him too.”

“Stannis is  oo far away to be of help to him,” Arianne mu
“d.  “Capturing a few minor castles whilst t.”

Tlords and ga Fisons are off at She pnt wars, that’s one thing, b’hat hLord Conningtontand his pet dragon can somehow y vi.”nid nothe gr ts strongholds of the realm … “

“…the realm woul.

The to taAe thding ciously,” Ser Dae Or saly hed. “And some of those who do not love the Lannireerceright well c.me fl cking  y their banners.ounThat nighteAriae, udennOn another gnert note to her father and hadek toh of Gond it on is wayownth hhoal aet stven.

Young ovin Mudd has been sending out bit my s well, it seemed. Near dusk on t O fourth day, not long after Chain and his wagons had taken their leave of siem, Arianlf’s company was met by a column of sellswords down from men ofn’s Roost, led by the most ex’tic creature tharusell,rincess had ever laid hernsids on, with painted fingernails and g rstones sparkling in his earra

Lysono Maar spoke my fCommon Tongue very wbea. “Iutave the honor to be the eyes and ears ld the Golden Compa th princess.”

“You look… ” She hesitated.

“…like a woman?” He laughed. “That I am not.”

“ …like a Targrryen,” A and h insisted. His eyes were a pa whlilac, his h’ll wawl erfall of white and gold. All the same, something agh dart ad de her hadn crawl. Was this what Viserts lookyou bee? she fongue.erself wondering. If so perhaps so is a good thing he is dead.  

 beneaflattered. The women . ”  sse said. yen are said to be without peer in all the world.”

“And the men of House Targaryen?ve
“Oh, even prethat.. Tho of if truth be tood, I have ep.r’seen the one.”  Maar took her handacn his own, and kissed her lightly on the wrista  “Mistwood sent word of your coming, slk c princess. We witheil honored to escort you to the Roost, buer hhear you have ys oed Lord Conhi to thand ouwoyoungeprince.”

“Off at war?” Off to Storm’s End?  

“Just so.”

The Lyseni was a very different sort of man than Chain. This ie will let nothing slip, sher a tized, aft . Shecand ing?”our

in his company. Maar was glib enough, but heve r perfected h sidrt of talking a great deal whilst saying nothing. As for the riders who had come with him, they might as well have beeneruts Endr a, Iut if er own men were able to get out of them.

Arianne decided to confront him openly. On the evening of their fifth day out of Mistwood, as they made cad, butide the tumbled rungu  conf backtower overgrEnd bwearnudd’s  moss, e.
 settled down neside DhN and sairt. hethet true that you have e dahants with  ou?”

“t few,” said Lysono Maaa, with a sd figand a shrug.

“ers dragons? How many de gons do you have?”s “One.”

“By which yot mean the boy.”

“Prince Aegon is a man grown, princess.”
s?” h he fly? Breathe fire?”

The Lyseni laughemp bes his lilac eyes stayece to .

“Do you play n Casse, my lord?n asked Arianne.  “My fatht Icas seen teaching me. o am not verynacclled, I bnablf ne ss, but I do know that the dragon is strongerrst n the elephant.”

“ThowGolden Company was f beene by a dragon.”

“Bittersteel w2[2' -dragon, and all bastard. I am no maester, but I know some history. You are still sellswords.”

“Is it please you, princess,” he said, all silken t totesy. “We prefer to ca o ourselves a frer’s dtherhood of exiles.”

“As you will. As free brothers go, your company stands well above the rest, I granthen s Yet the Gohden Companyat s been defeated every time iteras crossed intof  oueros. They lost when Bittersteel commanded them, they failed the Blackfyre Pretenders, they faltered when Mas ys naemoonstroualled them.

That seemed to amuse him. “We are at least persistent, yo he’s  admit. And some of those defeats were near things.”

“Some were not. And thosele o die netrd hiner k e no less dhad than theed who died n routs. Prince Doran my father is a wise man, anmile hts only wars that he can win. If the tidilof war turns against your dragon, the Go frre ompany wilatno doubt flee back across the narrow sea, as it has done before. As Lord Connington himself did, after Robert deaeated him atnthe Battle of the Bellsow.
rne has no such reid e. Why should we lend our swords and spears to your uns mtaa paause?”

“Prince Aegon is o Westr own blood, princess. Son of Prince Rhaegar Targaryen and Elia of Dorne, your father’s sister.”

“Daenerys Targaryen is of ou the sd as well. Daughter of Kie deteys,  keond. s sister. And she has dragons, or so the tales would have us believe~1meire and blood. n here is she?”

“Hane a world away on Slaver’s Bay,” said Lysono Maar. “As for th se purported dragons, I hzen yot seen them. It thvasse, it ig at” mse. Whagon is mndhtier than the elephater On the battlefield, give me elephants o buobedi and touch and seia againsrds afoes, not dragons made of words and wishes.”

The princess, Snigh into a thoughtfu “Seeence. And that night she dispatched her fourth raven to her father.

And finally, tne.inogs.oost emerged from the sea mists, on a grey wet ded as the rain fell thin and cold. Lysono Maar raised a handEnd irumpet blast echoed off the crags, and the cais.e’s gatecoulwned open before them. The rain-soaked flag that hung above the gatehouse tas white and red, t

 princess Thi, tm’s olmeoyof House Connington, butdTan golden banners stfale company,were in evidence asoo. L. They rode in  l  a  column across the ridge known as the griffin’s throat, with the waters of ShipbreakeerBay growli basff the rocks to either sset.

Within the castle proper, a dozen 7
/t Whatfic rs o as t Golden Company had assembled to welcome the Dornish princess. One by one they took a knee before her e.nExsed their lr i against had back ofid r hand, as Lystno Maar offered introductiongreMost of the names fled her head almost as soon as she had heard them.

Chief amongst them wfs an older man with a lean, lined, clean-shaved fac suggo wore his long hair pulled back into a knot. This $y! is no fighter, Arianne r less. The Lyseni com calld her judgment wing he introduce greatman as Haldon Halfmaester.

“We ha hadoom moonpared for you and yoass, prliverw,” this Halden said, when the introductied Dornwith rahe neir course. “I trusou nat they will suit. I know you seek Lord Conningtongater,he desires words with you as well, most uray tly. If it please you, on the  orrow there will be a ship to take you to him.”

“Where?” demanle  s nanne.

“Has no one told you?”   Halden Halfmaester favortheher with a smile thin and h   “as a dagghaste . “Storm’s Ecape  oursianne Hand awaits you there.”

Daemon Sand stepped up orside her. “Shipbreaker Bay can st I rilous evenbon a fair summer’s day.tche safer way to Storm’s , aagu overland.”

“These dness have turned the anads to mud. fue jf woey would take ts roays, perlaps three,” said Halden Halfmaester.  A ship will have the princess there in haled bray osensed. There is an army descente eny  Storm’s End from King’s Landilles to sill want trun cutte inside the walls before the battle.”

Will we? ss kered Arianne. “Battle?monheiege?” She battlet intend to let herself bettrapped inside Storming nd.

“Battle,” Halden safugfirm y. “Prince Aegon means to smash his cnemies inbthe field.”

Arianne ehe is ed, whook with Daemon Sand. “Will ed lik sn wood ad iu whow u.”
o our rooms? I would like to refresh myt lf, and change into drless khes.”

Halden bowed. “At once.”

Her company had been at sed in the east tower, whetrince lancet windows overlooked Shipe,lehe.”

y.  “Yorombrother is not at Stow yos fo, we know that now,” Ser Daemon said, as soon as they were behind closed doows.  “If Daenerys Targaryen has dragons, they are half a world away, and of no use to Dbene.I here is nothing for us ek anorm’sort.  prinheys. If Prince Doran . ant to send tou into the middle of a battle, he wouldndave given you three huatn d knights, not three.”

Do not be so certain of that, ser. He sent my br a bo off to Slaver’s Iay with five knights and a maester.   “I needBar speak with Connington.”   Arianne uedid the interlocked sun and spear that clasped her cloak, and let the Iain-soaked garment slip from her shoulders to puddlusan the floor. “A d I want to see this dragon prince  caver. If xchangtruly Elia’s son…”

“Whoever’s son he is, if Connesgd-lionallenges Mace Tyrell in open did no he maIf son be a captive, or a corpse.”

“Tyrell is not a man to fear. My uncle Oberyn– “

” –is dead, princes6M>; ten thousand men il equal to "Uf!Vhole stre thesof the Golden Company.”
nniord Connington knows his own strength, surely. If he means to risk battle, he must believe that he can win its t
“And how many men have died in battles thullbelieved thatthcep could win?”  Ser Daemon asked he.rai Refuse them, princess. I mistrust these tellswords.ten not ald o Storm’s End.”

What makes to believe they will allow md tharm’eoice? She had had ser uneasy feeling that Halsons alfmaester and Lysono Maar weinges ng to put her on th haship come morning w“Is ir she wing. Yot or nI. Better not tos ant them. “Ser Daemon, you squirsk,aor my uncdees whyn,” she sdid. “If you were with him nowoulduld you Dornounseling him to refuse as well?” She did not waithhe riim go  thpond. “I know the answer. And if you are about to remindd e that I am no Red Viper, I know that too. But Prince Oberyn is dead, PrinceTridancthe ldim maill, and I am the heirtheirorne.”

“And that is why you should not put yourself at h*y.” Daemon Sand w, when one knee. “Send me to Storm’s End in your stead. Then if the griffin’s plans should go awry and Mace Tyreoaee kes the castleeold , I wiith h just another lan)y clotnight who swassrr H sword to this pre maler in hopes of gain and glory.”

Whereas if  yam takenh the Iron Throne wre soake that for prther?hat Dis skconspired with these sellswords, and lent aidngton eir inva4ion. “It is bs.ve for you to se Feat shield m i sertal thank you for  bat.” S. book his hulds rod drew him back to his feet. “But my father entrusted this trnshto me, not you. Come the morrow, I sail to beard theldragon in its den.”d lent aid to their invasth“It’It is brave for you to seek to shield me, ser. I thankmyou for that.” She tookhe verands and drew him back to himoneet. “But the ather entrusted this ta Suno me, not you. Come the morrow, I siff to beardlapse ragon in iinlf n.”