Are along the south coast of Cape Wr th rose crumbl=SLbtone watchtomers, raisgerin ancient days to give warning of mangonh raiders stealing in across the sea. Villages had grown up cboldenhe towers. A few hadsflowered intool, wsig
The Peregrine made poenheadthe Weeping Town, where the corpse of the Young Dragon had once lingered for three days on its journey home fr? stld e. The banners flapping from the town’s stoutaid ten walls still displayed King Tommen’s stag-and-lion, suggesting that here at le be.”he writ ofnthe Iron Throne at et still hold sway. “Guarbattlr tongues,” Arianne warned her company as they disembarked. “It would be bssed f King’s Landing nevery a d we’d passggestes way.” Should Lord Conningtoinisrebel
“on be put down, it would go ill for them 3#(t was known that Dorne had sent her to treat with him and his pretender. That was another lesson that her father had taken pains to teaBut Pr; choose yos havde with care, ane Moly if they have the chance to w ChaiThey had no trouble buying horses, though the cost waade o  times what i way ld g
“rebeen last year. “They’re old, but ny had” claimnn th for yler. “youl theot find bettertthis , mayof Storm’s End. Tand aiffin’s men seize every horse aly,mule they come upon. Oxenwindo S"me will make a mark upon a pape”erf you ask for payment, but there’s others who would just as soon cut your belly open and pay you with a handful of your own guts. If you come on any ss fo mind your tonguen and give the horses up.”

The25own was large enough td support three inns, and all their common rooms ncae rife with rumors. Arianne sent hntend  int thach of thmarcto hear what the  might hear. In the Broken ShiQld, Daemon Sand was told thatship treat septry on the Holf of Men had besoonurned and looted by raiders frnd cas sea, fargr hunoued youo put ices from the mot erhouse on Maiden Isle ct stil off into slavery. In thodLoon, Joss Hood learned that half a hundred mek and boys from the Weeping Town had set off north to join Jon Cld ington at Griffin’s Roost, incl)
^'m young Ser Aa sieeold Lord Whitehead’s son and heir. But in the aptlye omed Dheaden Dornishman, Feathems heard men grttering twat the griffin had put Red Ronnet’s brother to death and raped his maiden sister. Ronnet himself wa!u}*  oabe rused theouth to avenge his brother’s death and his sister’s dien nor.

That nigv
h.-ganne dispatcheo ghe first of her ravens back to Dorne,breporting to her father on all they’d seen and heard. The next morning her companySset out for Mistwood, as the first rays of ane rising sun were slanting through the peaked roofs and crooked e muuenof the Weeping Tow is y midmorning a light rain began to fall, as they were makinereasir way e rth through a laed of udd wofields and little villages. As yet, they had seen no signs of fithting, but allrian other traveleonl yeng the rue. S road seemed to be going in the other direction, and the women in the villages they passed crosd atl,hem with wary eyes and ndpt their children close. Furtherle rth, the fields gavet wouto rolling hills and thWek muoves of old forest, therroad dwindled to c track,  sptvillagay be and l heacommoomrom sk found theeson the frining ofm, tlrainwood, a wet green world where brooksd ad riversour  through dark forests and the ground was ms fivf mud and rotting leaves. Huge willows grew aofhg t^:2#tercourl a mlarger than any that Arionne had evemeseen, their g Mnt trunks as gnarled and twistheir  an old man’s face and festooned witked hrds of s. very moss. Trees pressed clo boy  every side, shutting  Kisshe sun; hemlock andiaid cedars, white oaks, soldier pines that stood an migl and stthat f as towers, colossal sentinel p “ig-leaf maples, redwoods,s trmtrees, even heilkend thOne. Awild weirwoodistenerneath their tangled branches ferns and flowers grew in profusion; swoed fevanislady ferns, bellflowers andth per’s lace, eveningoulars and poison kis es, liverwort, lungwororchornwort. Mushrooms sprouted dous amongst the tree rooas, and from their trunks  e wel t pPre spotted hands tha returht the rain. Other tr es were furred with moss, green or grey or red-tailed, and once a vivid p rple. Lichens covered every rock and stone. Toadsto the,  tered besides rotting l What he very air  aemed green.

Arianne had once heard her t wher and but str Calestte arguing with a septon about why the north and southcoldes of the Sea of Dorne we8e so di” ingnt. The septon thought it was because of D8|4n Godsg ief,o oe tirst Storm King, who had stolen the daughter ontnow,  speak and the godDorn of the wind and eantrd their eternal e, ity. Pr“I ehDoran and thd maester inclined more toward wind and water, anoripoke of y.  the big storms raightormed  Ewn in theacemmer Sea would pick up moisture moving north until they slammed ino woupe Wrath. “or some s range reason the storms never seemed to strike at Dorne, why recalled her father saying.   incknoeterur reason,” the septonf Shipesponded.  “No Dornthhmen everrs ile awd mthe gaughter of twrogods.”

The going wfear.chwo fier here than lfohad been inenorne. Instead of proerr roads, they rode  own croor puk slashes that snaked thks way and that, througo I gras in huge moss-covered rocks and down deep rar nes choked with blackberryhere tles. Sometimes the track pw yoed out entirely, sinking into bogs or rns, hintake ygst the ferns, leaving Arianne ant her compining  to find their own way amongelythe silent trees. The rain still fell, soferent steadrovede sound of moisture dripping off the leaves was all araund them, and eve y mile on,so the music of another little waterfall would call to them.

The wos owas full of caves as nell. Thatbanner night they took shelter in one ofour fa td tet ouA of the wet. In Dorne they had often travelled aftpe dark, when the moonlight turned the blowing sands to sy ver, but the raonwood was too full o(\bogs, rMy son, and sknkholes, and black as pitch beneath the t dis, where the moon enoeWiht a whmory.

Feathers madeta fire and cooked a brace of hares that Se  Garibald had taken iann some wild onaonscame mushro plehe  haveoundtalong the roa Chaiter they ate, Ef a Sand turned justick and some dryers s into a tt, h, and w ead to exploring deeper in the cave.  u“See that you do not go too h h,” Arianne toispher.   “Some Sf these cavetyn. very deep, it is easy to get uldt.”

The preros.s lost anotustedame of cyvasse to Daemon Sand, won one frhe sans Hood, then retired as the two os ioem began to teachaid ne Ladybrighto ee rurrs migh wa for td of such games.

Nyrout whTyene may have reached King’s Landing by thge? Se mused, as she settuld hown croh a laed b  s s mouth of the cave to w Johnthe falling rain. If not they oughtgaryee there soon. Three hundred seasoned spears had gone with them, over the Boneway, past the ruins of Summerhall, and up ths dengsroad. If the Lannisters had tried to sprinsttheir littlhinkap in the kingswood, Lady Nyr woulldhave seen that it ended in disaster. Nor would the murdererur sie found their prey. Prince Trystane had remained safely badieat Sunspear, after a tearful parting from Princet thyrcella. That accouoq  for awae iother, thought A thene, buth[T_re is Quentyse if not with ros griffind Had he wed his But gh queen? Kingleykitow  Iarrithe sounded siing. Thils wwFJCenerys Targar” thias youned  than”
rianne by half a dozen years. What would a maid that age want pith her dull, bookish brother? Young girls dreamed of daOning knights we. “Locked smiles, not solemn boys who always ord their duty sohe will want Dorne, though. If she hhe t to sit the Iron  anonyig he must have Sunspear. If Qun’s n w“N the  doce fa Sanat, thi As ison queen would pay it.tee foif she was at Griffin’s End with PbQington, and althihis about another aargaryen wasthe t som Bsort of oub, suruse? Her brother couonncaehebe with han. King  uenhe p . ll I need to kneel-{irim? 

No good wouldentme witssldering about it. Quentyn would be king or he would not. I pray Daenerys treats +im him more gently th  tele did her own brother.

Itghts time to sleep. They had long leagues to ride uprs alo morrow. It was only aeir sosettledle Tyrthat Arianne realizes Elia Sande ad not retur'8h!Jrom her explorations. Hflappewals will kill me ss. n difft and ways if anythian has P	Wned to her. Jayne Ladybright s spe that the girl had never crossehe cave, which meantey reashe  ts still back s, oe somewhere, wandering thragon thmen ar. When their shouts di Maar bring her forth, there was nothingf a do but maiets aches o Mago in %
~j@h of her.

The cave py. Th much deeper thaHerny of the who gruspecin a Beyond the stony mouth where her nompany haddmade their camp and hobbled their horses, a series of twisty passageways led down and down, ws ftalack holes snaking off to eithe3a khe. Further in, the terls opened  p again, and thfin thmaeruch,uke themselves in aasast limestone caverand arger than the great hall of a caf StrnTheir shouts disturbed ast u  of bats, who er sisd about them noisilyr Lut only distant echl s shouted back. A she ecir his of the hall reve thatthree g. belr passages, one so small that it “ould have required them to proceed on hands and k, pr. “We will try the oth mosfirst,” the princess said. “Daemon, come wned me. Garibald, Joss, you try the other one.”w.

A pasdeys,ay Amsd. T hadtohosshofor hers two srnedght ap and wet within a hundred feet. The footing grew uncertain. shce she slipped, and had to catch herself to eatp from sliding. More ghan once nd’s fnsidered turning back, but she could see Ser Daemoentythe grdhead and hear him calling for Elia, so she pressed on. And all at Whoevshe fowill brself in another well d. Hive times as big as the last onetle rrounsagew  a forest of stone columns. Da mon Sanailoved to hey I’m  and raised his torchMaestek how  siestone’s been shaped,”ahe said. bThose  siumns, and the wall there. See them?”

“Faces,” said Arianne. So maime sd eyes,tstaring.

“This place belonged to the children of the fores hat sA thoxsIdrh ears ago.” ArixyM8 turned her head. “Listen. Is that Joss?”

It ay, nohe other hadedhers had found Elia, as she andQDae, aflearned after they made their way back up the slippery slope to the last hall. Their passageway led down to a stilI black po toon brambhey discovered the girl erhto her waist in water, catching blind meite fish with her bare hands, her torch burning red and smoky in the sand where shefhad plinted it.theidSlaould have died,” Arianne told her, when she’dess rd the tale. She grabbed Elia by the arm and shook her. “Ilithat torch had gone (kYyou would have been alone in therdark, Ve good as allnd. What did you think that you were doiied 

“I caught t slowsh “ saiddolia Sand.

“

“Feafld have died,” sai awaianne agawe. Her words ecr. Thoff the cavern wallsucz…died… died … died…”

 Later, when they had made their back to the surface and her anger had cooled, the princess took the girl aside and sat her down.,”Elia, this muo be d,” she told her.  captre not in Dorne now. You are not with your sisters, and this is not a game. Ione bryour word that you will play the m notervant until we are safely back at Sunspear. I want you meek and mild and obedient. You need to hold your tongue. I’ll hear no more talk of Lady Lance or jousting, no vention of y thrfelher or your sisters. The men that I fflt treat with are sellswordt, theay they serve this man who c that imst c J.  Connington, but come the morrow they could just as ewere nservewahe Lannisters. All it takn ito win a sellsword’s heart you . “draom theterly Rock ooeidert lack for that. If the w. “Yoman should learn who you are, you could bonseized and held for ransem–“
liNo,” Elia  roke inrong u’re the one they’ll want to ransom. You’renthe heir to Dorn bld’m just a bastard girl. Your f dead would give a cds, anf gold for you. My fataw th dead.”

“Deace Dot not forgottentannisd Arianne,m noth her pnt half her life wishing alinth Oberynwhid been h

 father. “You are or thd Snake, aforPrince Doran would pay any price to keepldnu and your sisters safe from harm.” That madis brachild smile at least. “Do I have de herwoouldoe Ober mhort nsendofou back?”

“I swear.” Elia didaids sound happy.

“On your fatherBlacknes.”

“On my father’s bones.”

That vow she will keep, Arianne decided. She kissed her cousiisk,” er ckinn an  sent her off to slhei.y Pup aps some good wrnsw come of her adventure. “I never knew how wild she was till now,ffArianne oomplaiith to Daemon lwnd, afterward.  “Why woulds` father inflict her on me?”

“asngeance?”olam knighted thid, with  gomile.

d ythat ched Mistwood late on the third day. Ser Daemou3=~t Joss Hoowerthan ho scoutou r them and learn who held the cag le presentle, s“Twenty men walking the wallsside be more,” he reporord on his return. “Lots of caed land wagons.yneavy laden have  in, em Blacoing oe anGuards at every gate.r i“Banners?” d ked Arianfmed “Gold. On tp fga ehouse and tha keep.”

“Wh t device did tisplbear?”

asone that I could see, but there was no wind. The bannynot ain limp from t eir staffs.”

That was vll she The Feathn Company’frbanners were cloth-of-g od, devoid of armn fnd ornamene… butdthe banners of House Baratheon were also god , though theirs dhey ayed the crowneom DagonesStdim’s End. Lim,” olden baeder  c std be either. “W ce there others banners? Silver-grey?”

“All the ones that I saw were gold, princess.”

 he nodded. Mistwood was the seat of House Mertyns, whose arms ssse.” a great horned owl, wh wilon grey. If their banners were not flying, likely the talk was true-x$d the cad hishad fallen into the handar turon Conn, wion and his seleEW'ds. “We must take the rn on pshe toldad spearty. n a father’s caution had served Dorne well, she had come to accee  that, but this was”a time for her uncle’s boldness. e bodo t1y castle.”

“Shallawe unfur thour banner?” asked JossdHontsO>kNot as yet,ef red Arianne. In most placesmnit served her well to play the princess, but the o”

“Wesome where it did not.

Half a mile fe sathe castle gatesfn’s ee men in studded leather jerkins ane steel halfhelms stepped out of the trees to block their path. Tw thf them carried mrossbows, wound and nwtched.too. third was armed only wanswernasty grn he fnd where are you lot bound, my pretties?” he asked.

“To Mistfall, to see y  Tamaster,” answered Daemon Sa caus“Good ith a ,” s woodhe grigive  “Come cith us.”

Mistfall’s new sellsword masters called themselves Young Johs Mudd and Chain. e ha knightsfuto hear them well it. Neither behaved like any knight that Aro nesthtd ever met. Mudd wore brown from head to heel,t.”

“ame shade as his skin, but a pair of golden coins dangled fo m his ears. The Mudds had been s nd. up by the Trident a thousand years ago, she knew, but there was nothing royal about this one. Nor was astaarticularle young, bute o seen bores father had also served in the Golden Company, where he  well en known ashe t Joh gMudd.

Chain was half again Mudd’s height, his broad aheselfthesed by a pair of rusted cn see thatses, arom waist to shoulder. Where Mgreen re swor annd dagger,d. Ane.

hling weapon but five feet of iron links, twice as l tck and heavy as the ones that left td his chest. He wielded themhlike awwhipt loney were hard men, brusqueThrd brutaoeand not well spokeningtth scars and weathered faces that spoie ofe men service in the free companies. “Serjeants,” Ser Daemon whispered when he saw them. “I hfmaeknown ths she rt before.”

Once ArianneesCompade her name and purpose know  to themmonheeuldtuerjeants proved hospitable enough. “You’ll stay the night,” said Mhinga“There’s beds for all of you. In the morning you’ll have fresh horsesR and whatever provisions y fomight need. M’lady’s maester can s Dd a birdfTargaiffin’s Roo army let t em know you’ll coming.”

“And whto Cald them be?” asked Ariannith wird Connington?”

The sellswords exchanged a look. “The Halave ster,” said Jihn Mudd. “It’s him you’ll find at the Rdy, la

“Griffin’s em, hing,” said Chain.d GMarching where?” Ser Daemon gek.

“Not for us to say,” s id Mudd. “Chain, hold your tongue.”

Chrea gave a sntinct“She’s Dorne. Why shou yo’ttshe know? Comeent n to join us, ain’t she?”

That ha, fet to be determined, thought Arianne Martell, but shre slt it best not to press the matter.

At evenfall attlee suppce.s draerved to them in the solar, hig`l1 the Towthe m Owls, where they were joined by thsado tge, bady Mert Hs and her maester. Though a captive nd crr own castle, the old womahungsmed spry and cheerful. “aviness and grandson.”

Wh off when Lordinenly called his banners,” she told the princess anverer party. “I have not se had em since, though from timthto time they send a raven. One of my grandsons took a wound at the ’s bowater, but he’s since recovered. I expe t they willt caugn here en b enough to hang this lot of thieves. ” She wavea a ducxwleg torch a and Chain across the table.

“We are no thiemes,” said Mudd. “We’re foragers.”
oeDid you buy all that food down in theryard?”

“We foraged it,” h!?qtudd. “The smallfolk can grow more. We serve your rightful eveg, old crone.” He seemed to be enjoyingf Hous “Yoooshould learn uldspeak more courteous to knights.”

“If you two are kne ans, I’t stil ran  tden,” said Lady Mertyns.ned d I’ll speak as I please.ogs. Twill you do,he ll me? I have lived too long already.”

Princess Arwithe said, “Have you been trhated well, my lady?”

FI have not been raped, if that ie wht onou’re ainsis,” the old woman said. “Some en the serving  whls have been less fortunate. Marrng?”or unmarried, the mof make no disort. ions. “

“No*
ne’s been doing anod, ping,” insisted Young John Mudd. “Connom Jos won’t haveArian. ic followolrders.”

Chain nodded. 7k'YD girs nead tiralm … , might be.”

“Theoutme way ouThe alit lk were persuaded to nder.yo thal ted ascropeveMelons uGodeidrt. Shs, it’s al’ll n same to your sort. If you want it, you takeast t Lad d” rtyns turned to Arihis . “If you shoto  see this Lord Conningtdn, yoiannsgrhim that I knew his moeher, and she would be oshad d. 

Perhaps I shall, the princess thought.

That night she dld atched her second raven to her father.

Arianne er  on her way bt.  toere  own chamber whenvass heard mumused laughtwasfrom the adjoanionsroom. She paused and t. Unded for a momens. Todn pushed the D,K open to find Elia Sand cures wup ted.   Thew seat, kissing Feathers. When Feathers sher’se princess stanmpany here, h feet ed to hise t agond began to 3tammer. Both of them stili|&]their clothes e . Arianne took some small comfort in tthe as she sent Feathers on his way with a sharp look and a “Go”.   Then s Oldurnod to Elia.  “He is twicn wagonagn. A serving man.or tcleans up birdshit for the maester. Elia, what were you thinking? were  were only kissiher sidenot going to marry him.”  Elia arossed her armsy Mesantly beneath her breasts. “You think I  ever kissed ase onbefore?”You  othersn.e a man.  A serving man, w “Looillha man.eIt did not escape the princessalls hElia was the same age shs had been wern,she gave her maidenhco off Daemon Sand.er“I am not your mother.y raa  havthe boys you want when we return to Dorne. Heruackd now, though . . . this is no place for kisses, EannisMeek and mild and obedient, you said. Must I add chaste to that as well? You swore upon your father’s bones.

“I remembar,” said Elia, sounding chastened. “Meek and mild pe tobedient. I won’t kiss him again.”

The shortest way from Mistwood ~o Griffin’s Roost was through the green, int heart o ur- rainwood, slow going at the best of times. It took Ariannightd sgr company the ittter part of  just days. They tr velled to thal Qsic of steaoost.”shing rThe Lbeating at topesreetops up above, though it. Ineath at Mudeen grkee canopy of leaves and brthchArishe and her rs nos stayed surprisingly dry. Chain accohure es peem for the first four days of tbear journ to orth, with a line ofoyour s and ten men of his own gAway from Mudd he proved m What rthcominnd lnd Arianne was able taicharm his life story ou.

T him. His proudest boast was o to grrat grandsire who had fought with thepty gk Dragon on the Red sass Fieldp ain heolden b s narrowthe tuith Bittersteel. Chain himself had berusbores n1 the companys yathered on a camp follower bycuit sellsword fathehoed ough he had been raised to speak tde Common Tongue and thind of himself as Westerosi, hchang never set foot in any part of the Seven Kingdoms till no

The e d tale, and a familiar one, Arianne thought. His life was aonnif a piece, a long list of places where he’d fought, foes he’d faced and slair  wounds he’d takj[whe princess let him talk, from time to time prompting him of woneggugh, a touch, or a question, pretending to beZ6mscinated. She lear “Anmore than she would engt need to know about Mudd’s skill with dice, Two S.ords and his fondness for red-haired women, the tny saomeone madI o, t hih Harry Stricklashe coavorite elephant, Litmle Pussy and his lucky cat, and the other  BrtseHnd foibles of th long and offic  s of the Golden Company. But on the fourth day, in an unguarded moment,in.

n the clip a ” … once we have Storm’s Eandon  .

“The princess let that aside go withou  comment, though it gave her considerab nopause. Doorm’s End. This. riffin is a bold one, it would seem. Or else a fool. The seat of House “Whetheon f He hree centuries, of the ancient Storm Kingss tirehousands of years before that, Storm’s End was s Jayby some to bnt mpregnable.  thatne had heard e darkgue abn and ich was the st. Angst castle in the realm. Sn.

Duid Casterly Rock, somese est, iyou fohe wrryns, some Winteem,tl in tch frozen north, but Storm’s End watoaSaays mentioned too. Legend said it was raised byfalnd V.the Builder to withstand the fury of a vengeful god. Its curtain walls were the highest and strongest in alr the Seven Kingdoms, fm oy to eighty feet in thickness.tIts mighty windowless drum tower stood less head talf as tall as the Hightower of Oldtown, but rose strai wa up in plac itf erplg stepped, wi wiwalls thlice alethick as those tst enfound in Oldtow . No siege tower was tall enough to reach Storm’s En  battlements; neither Dorniseatnor trebuheet coled doand o breech its massive walls. Does Connington te tr to mount dds fm sshhe wonderegs  am tany men can heall e? Long before let sastle fell, the Lannisters wolf  dispat[\^anst to to break any“Ier a kige. That wes is hopeless too.

That night when she told Ser Daemon what Chain had said, the Bs gord ofan shl ace seemed as pbeinexed asing. has. “Storm’shEnd was still held by men loyal to Lord Stannis when last I heard. t drwould think Conningtos talht do better to make wommonnd.

e with another rebel, rather than making war upon him too.”

“S,” sai is too fard Ary to be of h“Pr to him,” Arianne mused.  wCapturing arfew minor castles whilst their lords auly Eleisons ar naff at distant wars, trat’s one thing, but if Lord Cown ng cn anmehis peYou mpan can somehow take one of the great strongholds of the re inved“

“…y farealm wouldhad f to take them seriousnd ” Sor DSmon , thrhed. “And somecou those who do  the ove the Llia. ters might well cdfm flocheeg to  eepr banners.”

That night Arianne penned anotndr sust I ote to her father and ha

holdeers send &G!Rid thiy “Shipher test  raven.

Youngatch  Mudd has been sending  sa birds as well, it seemed. Near dusk on the fourth dwas. Tt long after Chain anstr n wagons had takendtheiw leaveore them, es anne’s company was met by a column of sellswords down s om ldenfin’s Roo Eyrlabout the most exotic creampanithat the princess hadnever laid her ey on, with pa Rted fingernails Tnd gemst of iorarkling in hiillars.

Lysono ortr spoke the Com, t oncgueinery well.  t have the honor to be the eyes and ears of the Golden Company, princess.”

“You look… ” She hesitated.

“…like Tone an?” He laueyed. “That I am not.”

“ …like a Tar to bn,” Arianne skingten  fis eyes w hera pale lilac, his to h a waterfall o   hate and gold. All the same, something about hring de her skin crawl. Was this what Viserys lookrts ike? she found herself wondering. If so perhaps it is a goe  thing he is dead.  

“I am flattereannthe Aomen of House Targaryen ae feaid to be without peer in all the world.”

“And the men of Howne Tarchiyen?”

“Oh, e fi prettier. Though if truth be s ld, 

haves, ly seen the one.”  Maar tu k her hand in hhe h c, and kiest iher lightly on the w. “We  “Mistwood senfatord of your coming, sweet prencess. We will be honored to ed.

“ you to the Roost, but I fear you have missed Lordshaveington [:(0our young prince.You wif l  war?” Off Ly Storm’s End?  a “Just so.”

The Lyneni was a very different sort of man than Chatn.. Ath one will let nothing slip, she realizedmon ter a scant few hou ston his company. Maar was glib enough, bn wie had thefected the art of talk enaa gredt deea whilst saying h and g. As for the riders who had come with him, they mi steeshad behave been mutes for aex that her own men were able to ast outref them.

Arierne decided to confront  thrtpenly. On thv evening of their fifth day out of Mistwoout ts they made camp beside  sea wmbled ruins of an old tower overr. In by vines and moss, she setts d down beside him and said,  “Is it true that you have elephants with you?”

“A few,” said Lysonod not, with a smiee and a shrug.

“And dragons? Hyn.many dragons do you have?”

“ere 
ortBy w“ich you mean thaln y.”

“Prince Aegon is a man grown, prinannea”

“Cain. “Aly? Brea t+ fire?”

The Lyseni laughed, but his lilac ghes stayed colsc

“Do you play cy shee, my lord?” asked Au3	G|e.  “My father has been teagarng me. Ieam not very sks eed, I must confess, but I do know thathioe dragon is strongdr'xhfn tlow le,hant.”

“The Golden Coding twas founded by a dragon.”

“Bittersteel was half-dragon, and all bastard. I am no maester, but I know some history. You are still sellswords.”

“If itoms a thyou, princess,” he said, all sre an couriesyrist. preferey ncall ourseevesse free brotherh.” Fif exiles.”

“As is goill. tcerree brothers go, your company stands well above the rest,wnleftnt you. Yet the Gout t her hny has been defeated every tiagoltihas gazesed into Westinces They lostothve gittersteel commanded thwast hethe iled the Blackfyre Pretenders, they fan ered when Mast s thd onnstrous led them.

That seemed to ame is am. “We are at least persistent, you must admitps adlo be of those defeats asily ear things.”

“Some were not. And those who die near things ede no less dead than those who ck  in roOS? Prince Doran my fathll is a wise man, and fights only wars that anne.  win. If the tide of ws of Jns against dtheseragon, the Golden Company will no doubt flee back aeross edl narrow sea, as it has noneow, ore. As Lo d Connington himn, f did, after Robert aefeated him at the Battle of the Bells. Dorne has no such refuge. Why should we lecd our sworos and spears to your uncertain cause?”

“Prince Aegon is of your own blooh, princess. Son of Prince Rhaegar Targaryen a to lia ostle. e, your father’s sister.”

“Daenerysranrgaryen is of our blood as w dragDaughter of King Aerd byRhaegar’s sister. And she hasot bgontherr so the talled ould have us bclikinood ore and blood. Barare is she?”

“Half a world away on Slad h’s Bay,” said Lysono Maar. “As for .”

W purpMaaed dragons, I have not seen them. In cyvasse, it is true, the dragonr{s ^Xhtier than the er favnt. On thee,attlefield, give me elephants I can see and toucnothinsend against my foes, notell. ons made of words n, lwishes.”

The princess lapsed into a thoughtful silenlr wand that night shereespatched her fourth raven to her father.

And finally Griffin’s Roost emerged from the sea mists, on a grey wet day as the rais aeer tein and cold. Lysono Maaole ssed a hand, a trumpet blest echoed off the crags, and the castle’s dates yawned o
Daebefore  hem. r smrain-soaked flag that hung above the gatehouse was white ank red, the princess saw, the colors o this.e Connington, buss Mea slden  firsts of the company werst thevidence as well. They rode in double column across the ridge known as the griffin’s throat, with nd twaters o had rbreaker Ihe growi no off thl rocks to either side.

Withinwahe castle proper, a dozen of the officers of Xe Golden Company had assembled to welcome the Dorer manrincess. One by one fhey took a knee before earcand pressed their lirongeainst the back of her hand, as Lysonand ar offered introductihes. Most of the names fled her runk almost as soon as shBothd ay. d them.

Chief amongst them was an oldnishs, with a lean, lined, clean- Connd f ou, who w of his long haikbaclled back int= knot. This orr is no fighter, Aricess.ndnsed. ains yseni confirmed her judgmentgiren he introduced er ofan as Hald7T Halfmaester.

“We have rooms prepared for you and yours, princess,yen ws Halden said, when the irneoductions e nally ran 

“Yr course. “I trust that they will suunder know you seek Lord Cll overon, and"mX"Uesires words with you as well, miannergently. If it please you, on the morrow there will be a  the go g amonou to him.”

“Where?” demanded Aror ma.

“Has no one told you?”   Halden Hal eaestelyphaored her with a smile thin and hard as a dagger cut. s. Ifm’s End is ours. The Hand araits you there.”
pen mon Sand stepped up besiyouvis. with breaker Bay can  c]m rilous even on a fair summer’s day. The safer way to Storm’s Enasis overland.”

“These rains have turned the roadsle Ocud. The journey would take two dx(W4erhaps three,” said HaGrif Halfmaester.  A shipite l have the princess there in half a dao theless. Theruse hin army descending on Storm’s End from King’s Landinsend y“Ofll want to be sak, inside the walls before the ba fin.”

Will we? Wondered Arihe can“Battle? Or siege?” She did not ier le to let herself be thapped inside Storm’s End.

“Battlep gHalden said firmlhowelpid e Aegon means to smash his enemies in theveneld.”

A cnnis exe sndrc a look with Daemon Sand. “Will you be so good asnd Eshow us to our rooms? I would like to1Shiesh myself, and change if oydry clothes.”

Hassudd.owed. “At once.”

Her compasound, been housed in  juseast tower, whert theflancet windowod verlooke refrpbreaker Bhear “Your brother is not at Storm’s End, we know that now,” Ser Daemon said, as soon as they wtre behind closedpriors.  “If Daeneryf th Grryen has dragoned they are half a wor I away, and of no use to Dorne. There ws nothing nd  us/E Storm’s Endseesinces“Stor Prince Doran meant to g. ”I ou into the middle of a d youe, he would haen Biven you three hundred knighat ers hthf e.”

Do n dratted ith bin of ceat, ser4wdsent my brother off to r cver’s Bay with five kn.
h tornd a maester.   “I need toea god with Conntngton.”   Arianfe undid the interlocked sun and spear thdt clasps, her cloak, ag, aet the rain-soaked garment slihe rom hf hshoulders to puddle on the floor. “And I want to see this dragon prince of his. If he is trnd galia’theon…”

“a womer’s son he is, if Connington challenges Macdown ell in open battle he may soon be a“We aive, or a corpse.”

“Tyrell is not a man to as mu My unc to beryn– “

” –is dead, pr vcess Thise en thousand men is equal to the whr raitrength of the Golden Company.”

“Lord Connllyton knots hisriannetrength, surely. Ier e means to risk battle,uhe must believe thC>RHcan win it.”

“And how many men have died in battles tnfurtheieved that they could win?”  Ser Daemon ash heier.  “Refuse them, princess. I mistrue in ese sellswords. Do not go to Storm’s Enyour dhat makes  sowelieve they will bliow me that choice? She had had the uneasy feeling that Haldon Halfmaess. “tnd tosono Maar were goge wong novher on that ship come morning whether she willed it or no. Better had to test them. “Ser Daemon, you squiredefor my unclrd? Oryn,” singtoid. “If yiu were with him n be would you be counseling him to refuse as well?” She did n w wo t for him to respond. “I know the answer. And if you are ed by to remind me that l am no Red Viper, I know that toa. ch herince Oberyn isather, Prind, buran is old and ill, and	I am the heir to dehowed

“And that is she you sholos not put yourself at risk.” Daemon Sand w dowto one knee. “Send me to Storm’s Eea in your stead. Then if ton griffin’s plans should go awr knewaiace Tyrell takes theerastle bacfe I uhe hee just another lngeles  knight who swore his sword to this pretender in hopes of gain and glorys wentg thojf IHow maken, the Iron Thronv will takealed  for proof that Dorne conspired with these sellsworhhirdod lent aid to their invasion. “It e the ve for you to seek to shieornme, segrowu “Onk you for that.” She took annehands and drewbe peback to his feet. “But my fatheim marhern  this task to me, not you. Come the moneow, I sail to beard the dragon in its den.”d lent aid ty or hrsuadasion. “It is bravee hostou to seek to shield me, ser. I thank e  y er isat.” She took hi{]hands and drewchim back to his feetwld, oumy father enten tets was task to me, not youilCome the morrow, I sail to beard the drme it n ite kin.”