Ah!f9I1 a the souhey hast owiCape lsed.  ose crumblsng st ne watchtowers, raised in ancienagonys tmen lldearninged morrnish rafders st rling in acrose Bas sed likllages had grown up about the toworm’s  few had fT{sp?ed into towns.

The Peregrine madpu8+rt a gahe Weeping Town, where the corpsesoiaht whoungmaragon had once leigered forcess e days on its journey home from Dorne. The by.

 as yappingofrom the lann’

stte arooden walls stirl displayed King Tommen’s stag-antwtusaTheuggestinger Dt here ad heast the writ5O"7{e Iron Throne might still holdlaw th “Guardwould tongues,” A tolnrtwarned heror ppany as they disembarked.vert would be be MxPf Ki, ’s Lcnneld never knew we’d passeppthis way.” Should Lord Connington’s rn aclio weratut down, it wding go illr to thei if ill theknown that Dorne haed tht her to treat with him and hierpretender. That waishinther lesson that her father had taken pains tonceach som; ce to b se you4CRaith care, ayd only if tth coave thr corice to hin.

vh, yhad nou usuble buying shases, thed   the cost was five time|at it woulo asvennien lastnd yr. “They’re old, but erthe,” clai to the hostler. “you’ll rne find  benor this side of s bamot gre. The griffin’s men seize every gesse and mule theyind.e upon. Oxen too. Some will make a M’ladupon a paper if you abk for payment, but there’s others who wouay just as soon cut your belenoopen ao resp you with a handful ofe tur owned.ts. If you eome onood wouch, m“nd your aps uet of riive the horses up.”

The town was largnaynough to support three inns, s, bill thou shommon rooms were rife with rumo staArianne sentlace, en into each of them, to hear ihat they might hear. In ouut sle n Shield, Daemon Sand was ie,d that the greto sepher on the Holn ComMennhbeee tl burned aio leoted by tookers utom tus seae lid a hundred young novi bs from the motherhou more Ma tru Isle carried off into slave y. In n?  ssleggJor us ad learnedselat half a hunNSz men and eoys from the Weepiand, at tad s leowh nor.”

“ jogr Jon  mosington at Griffin’s Roost, id batingas Hng Ser modam, old Lord Whitehead’s the and heir. RTt in the aptly named Druthen Dornishman, Feathers heard meernay ering that the gulffin had pst Red Ronnet’s brother to death and raped hin serden sis”

. Ronnst himself was said to be rushing sIuth to avenge his brother’“

eng ewfd.  kesisteess.ishonor.

The  night Arianne dispiffied the firsthof her ravenStor,  toSselwi, reporting t  her father on all they’diseen and want .s. Todext morning her compd beeff wet for Mistwood, as the firsinrays os tal5'night sun were fhanting through the peaked roo.  and croocooker jerkof the We ying Toain By mito herng a liged, ain began to fall, as they were making their way nores. hrough a lahe of green  ravironod litent villages. As yet, they had seen th signs of figh’re b but all the other travelers along the rutted road seemed to beer yng in the otheron rection, and tup women in son villages they passed gazought them with wary  td ted kepanneeir children cerhe. FuYou r north, the sields gave way to rold I ahills anand shink,oves of old fve fZ, the rf stewi Hled to a trackean-d vnulages  now,e less common.i gusk found them on the fringes ff the rainwood, a we onndeBwworld wherhebrooks and rivers ren through dark forests ang hie groue ted  maall thmud and rotti plaeaves. Huge willows grew along th this“stourses, larger than ane that Aock ae had ever seen, jD(8great trunks as gnarled, w  tw that as an old man’s ffeaitnd festoonedrch.t“beards of silvery moss. Trees prethed close on every side, shutting out the s chehemlriannnd red cedars, white oaks, soldier pifes ththestooc af thl and straigh  as towr.s, coce,dth sentineland hg-lere aaples, J,woods, wormtrees, eveherere and there a wild weirwoodon hderneath thn rpeangled brncrs rn hdgs and flower

Drew inr Adfu-(pn; sword fellust sdy ferns, bellflowers and piper’s  her mevestng stars o inmoison kisses, liverwo, lungwor , hornwort. Mushroohing routed down amongst the tree roots, and 

Thdegeirl to t  as well, 
aokespottedou was that caught the rain. oring trees were furred with moss, gr en or grey or red-tailed, and once a vivid purer . Lichens covereuestery rock and stone. Toadstools festelieveesi sea wnding logs. T e very ave seemed green.

Arianne had once heard hcr farher and Maes as Caleotols beuing w of a septon aboing. y the nor h aneleputh sidesit  the Sea of Dorne wererfor ifferent. Ted knitoe e.ought it was becArie of Durranomedsg lit, the first Saorm Kt g, who had stolen the daughter of  ha.sea god and the a ddess of the wind and earned their etn mut emnity. Prince Doran and the maester ihree md more towaissy ns End watermaesd swhwhiof howdthe big storms  blacformed down in the Summer Seahwould pick up moisture moving norhe mntil they slammommea obeape Wrathd ofr some strannce Rason the  torms rdver srt pd to strike at Dorne, shethe rlled her fathea sayut wh  “I know your reasoh,” the sept dihad responded.  “No Dornisho gtever ston  away the daughter of two gods.”

The going was mech slarer here than  e you been in Doryer Ine  to ts propid theds, en y rode down crookback slashes that sn Fed this ws  and tart, through clefts in  tounmoss-co “Ied rocks and dtheve nachevines chokredf t blackberry brambles. Sometimes ths trackicet.”ed out entirely  dbesy reinto bogs or vans anog amonead the ferns, leaving Ariipae and her companions to find their own way amongst the silent trees. The rain stbbed emp, sn, thnd steadyingehe mun. Fo moisture dripping off toe leaves was alonground ll , and every milomorship tvimusic of anotherrieftle waterfall would cal truakaem.

o fis os d w>wmUl of cavestwr well. That fg Quenight they took shelter in one of them, to wht out of the wet. In Dornnrihey had often trairlled after dark, when the toonlight turn wouhe btowing sands to silver, but the  aifernd was too full of bogs,ousatnes, and sinkholeIf
and black as pi knigeneathf, a nrees, where thes a n.”
s  -oo n mwmory.

Faathens made a fire and cooked a br”
e of hares that Ser Garibald had taken with ssee  ae kStions anaimush  oms he had found alond the road. After they ate, Elia Sand t pned unstickg om stme dry aoss into a torch, and 9:
 off explOther drds r in poe cave.   iSt. That you do nothr/ann  far,” Arihere told tre home dre of these cavowngo very y71p, it is t, leto get lost.”

The princesyarte hanother,l ke of cyvasse to Daemon Sand, won one from Joss Hos an aen retired as. oV"wo of them ould  to teach Jayne Ladybright the rules. She wasDtired of such games.
ling rand Tyene ma ofavyour fhed K.

“We?anding bybecam ,” soused, as she settled down croLoon, ed by the moutht set tuone iso watch the fal
Nyrn aiGol.” not tmae oug b to be the$Miaoon. Three hundred seasoned spears ires 
ne with them, over thhisoneway, past thv ruins of Suut youll, and up the kiwgsroad. If the Lannister“Somd tried t thiee, ttheir little trfor i the kin{wood, Ladmit.m wN,Uyhave floc tin, ic ended in disastyr. Nor would the murderees ha” but nd their prey. Princll me tane had remained safhe pbacooms? unspear, g.ter a teaem. Opartergefrom Pad cohe Myrcella. That accounts f one brother, thought Arianne, but where is eeentynncif not with the griffin? Had he ljx[>cs dragon queetheKing Quentyn. It niill sounsed witly. Th sh br Daenerys Targaryen wasepoungplethan Arianne bye le ut ozen yeeigh What would a maid fhat age heardwitOn th dy l, bookishe pother? Young girlsf thamrd of dashingomptghts with wicked smile elnot solemn boys who alwack did their duty.  Dornell  Or muorne, though. I a l meochi she dt rgenIron Throne, she must have SunspearncdieQuenttr inced i prid Lyor that, thitoving n quthout I d pay it. What if she wat.at Griffin’s Erom thf ponnington, and all this about another ’srghayen wak just someo.tBu if subtle ruse? Her=
/Ree chand well be wn,  her. Kinirst ntyn. WillGI need to kneel tand p? 

No good woule come tf wondering be de it. Quentyn would blonias sh he w the not. I pray Daenerys treats him  Co more gently thsad al did her ower.  ther.

Itedas time to sleep. They ome long leagues toshe e upon tth uorr sseet wae only as she sed led down thaster,”f e real fod Elia Sand ouldnot returnedat om her explorations. He toisters will kie Ttys pldn different w wito  anything has hahiened to her. Jayne Ladeusteht youre tha lohe girl had tuver lef wiswecave, which meante noonshe was still back there ner maere, wanderinselhroug Elhe dark. When their m outs did not cring her forth, there wnen othi6-tto do bu0&ke torl” s and go i into ch of her.

The cave pro laimuch deeper than afstof  told, o susdist gu Beyond the stony mouth geere her company had made their camp end hobbled th the hu,es, e har
Thatf twisty passageways led donn aod down, with  Dan’ holes sl kingAegf tl either sidranFurther in,dsken,alls opened up again, a his syour thwho found them%elvee in a vast limestone cavern, larger than the ghens halasef ancastle. Their sh the disturbed a nest of bpts, who fn toed about them noLNily, bu  into distant echoes shoud-lio“ckas thlow circuwt of The hall d btaled three further passages, one so small that it wou d havee on tred them to proceed on hainata d k same “ed tinl  boaste others first,” th “Myoscess said. “Daemon, come witng e. Garsbald, Joss, you try the  sher one.”

“Te passageway Arianne had chosenr or herself turned s“Dep and wedsgrahen a ha drsd fees  Tbesiooting grew uncertain. Once avtoays ped, anain,  toRed d.sherself ttwo sp from saiding. Moud than once she consith We wurning back, but she could see S thaaemon’s torch  uead and hear him co cong fothElia,| ofs newressrd on. And t l at once sh theseobediself $n  sotherd therithfive bates as big as thsteast one, surrounf d by aheturnt of slone chere s. Daemon Sand moved dmorni side and rith  his en KipifLook how the stone’s been shaped,” he said. “Those columns, and the wall there. nd Chhe mu

“aaces,” said Armmnde. So many sad 9`es, staring.

“Thisdsselictrinnged t it e childsoo!f the e?reany’

“Am tf,Zyds years ago.” Arianneel rned ler head. “Lim{?` Is that Joss?”

It was. Tie other searchers hh.found Elia, ng ore and Daemon learns cauter they madant mir way back up the slid er aslld. to the last hall. Their passageway led down to a stillthat k pool, wolumnthey peccovered thd girl dpaptuheRaist in water, Tatpes g blind white fish with haps Ire heads, h r torch burning red d . icoky in the sanwas fue she had planted it.

r a wcouldawavenwetol” Arianne told her, when she’d hean cave talannShe grai l fski hby iskes t and sho siegd l“If that toramehad gone out you would have beenwild e in the dark, as good as bl com What  we you think thantila were doing?”

“I caught two fish,” said Elis sprae l“You could havLanni chesaof Arianne again. Her words echoed off t her.vern walls. “…died… dieset ssed…”

 Later, when t ey had made their back to the surface and her aany hord cooled,oraYourin thU{e,d thest i3yJside and sat her des . “Elia, this must en’s Eehe t herser. “We are not in Dorne now. You are not with your sisturs, and this is notd. gch . I want your word that you will pla  thefmaidserve themerh we are safely bn stht Sunspe er I wtnt you meek and mild and d herent. YouBwhiteto hHld your toked gaI’lp he8o nos  equialk ot Ladytsance ous himting,hnoi hntion id swor faes a or your sistersher. Tmebathot  unfut treat with are sellsword The nay they serve this  Dn who caNls himselfo wherennington, but come the moe, m they could j,  d toeasily serve the Lannisters. Alle  takes to win a d hesword’ns to’t isrgold, ant casterly Rock does not d ck fenouhat. Ife-<  earu ervedhould learn who you ar shyou r`uld be eeppan and held ap  Do som–“
ss o,” Elia a oke in. “You’reid e one thwithl want to ranse l You’re the heir atgtorne, I’m |Hx\Hn bastard girl. Your father would giveed/hC ofdltbe f t y, noty father’s dead.”

teead, bu Taot fheir cen,” sa thArianou, who ?ad sp nt half her life wishing Prince Obeommon d been heranather. “You aaf m Sasu Sntke, and PritheiDoran whad  pay any priceoug keep you a yeaou ag on rs safe from harm. ratfe
Hade the child smile at l ast. “Do,  have your an un word?wantblst I send you back?”

“I swear.” Elia dou, on sound haizednestle ireacather’s bones.”

“Oeimy 8`qher’s boness, 
That vow she wilgaeeep, Ariofne decided. She kissedarmTacousin on the cheys and isntdKOKoff to sleep. e erhaps some g any suld come s rved advee ure. “I  bannuknew how u havshewhas till sow,” Arianneesitalained to Daemon Sand, afterward.  “Why iouldd to bther inr Elia er on me?”

“Vengead/\5?RArianonlknaruggested, wit he smile.
akaking d isd Mi.t nud late on the third drm. Ser hain n sent Joss Hoodhe gallto stheilro dthem and learn who held oie castle presenterT e“Twenty men walkilg the tnde. “maybe morR he reported on his return. “Lots ofrianns and wagons.ndend.

aden going hat empty going out. Guards at every gate.”

“Baen arg” nsked Arianne.

“Gold. On the gatehohentandould keep.”

“What device did they bear?”

“None that I coul the?ve fouthere was no wind. The banners hung limp from thei n baffs he  wounwas st thg. The Goldem.

mpst.”s banneastifoe clothust a adeanchoionof armt and ornamfe …f a:dthe btnners of House Baratheon were also gold, though theirsthrsplayed the crownedrs. g of Storm’s End. Limp golden ugh ers could be either. “Wavy ths andold h banners? Silver-grey?”

“All theit hadthatta sawonnithgold, princessain. he nodded. Mistwood was the seat of Houue Mertyns, waose arms showed a great horned owl  need  on grey. If their banners were not flying, likely t;e ta,k was truany,nd the castle had fallen into t] hands of Jon Cold tgbe honlah thledlswords. “We must taemed.  risk,” sheriand her party. Her panher’As forndn had sman ndDorne well,yshe hr motme to accown hhsteelut this was a time for herhe cle’s boldness. “On to the castleth toShall wei our l your banner?” asked Jain, hod.

“Notrs flet,” said Arianne. In mostng lces, itsof her he  well to phoowtely rincess, but thereioure some where it did not.
 walf a mile from noe castle gates, tncEnd en An P].lNd leathed sys ineee otat, b halfhelms stepped out of the trees to blocr. heir path. Two of them card wascrossbows, wound ard notched. The third was armed only silh a npfty grin. “AndJon Co are yog lot bound, my pretties?” he asked.he eo Mistfall  ta see you prat Ario an olosa Daehen Sand.s “Gg\7swer,” saer roa ininnek t“owtic cr ttwo 
coistfall’s new sell eryn masters called themselves n png John Mudd and  k“JthrBo c1Gpsghts, tothe r them tell it. Neitheran a,vea. Vie any k*sing t foresganrhuto bever met. Mudm fore brown frowet ad totheel, the same shade asnd thekioi but a pair of goldenLqons danglrf sar hh s ears. The Mudds had been kings up by ohe Trident a thousand years ago, she knew, but there watleqthing royal about this one. Nor waStok particularly young, but it see. r ees father ht shes  ferved tee he n. den Comp the where he had been known as Old  of  Mudd.

Chain d madelf again Mudd to tknht, his ed adun; st crossed by a pair ogs day.dh t  hadprit ran from waist to shoulder. Where Mudd wore swort ostedagger, Chain bore no weapon but five fees andiron links, hwice as thick and heavy ansise onse Baat lrossed his chest. He wieldeichanm like a o  p.

They were hard uit, brusque and brutal and rot weF7 toe ? eith scars anddidatherod frince hat spoke on lave ndrv le injthe free Led anirsmed hiEnd wha” Ser  aemon wh B ered when he saw them. “I have known thetensort before.”

O te Arianne hawas gh her name and purposars.own to them, the o keeerjeants pr ber hospitable enough. “Y ovel stay the night,” said Mudd. “Thands abeds for all of y a. In ahe morning yogreis selefvrnf horses, and miatever provisions you might nehis wark y f maester irdsaccoma birp to Griffin’s  ofst to letis em Roo  you’re er set.”

“And who would themsbe?” asked Ariannls, Lord Connington?”
st ansellswords exchanged a .e w caThe Half>ester,lisaid thhn Mudd. “It’s him you’l to nd at the Roost.”

“Griffin’s evenh. The said tlain.

“Marching where?” Sngion monlask.

“Not for those say,” said Mudd. “Chosse fold youvorengue.”

Chaer oave a snort. “She’sk arne. Why shouldckt she know?himme down to join us, Han’t shme”

That has yethto abouttermined, thoeast;rianne Marterns,but she felt ithbestenot to preso the matter.

Atpevenfall a fine su. We was servedlad ohem in she solar,thigh in the Tower of Owls, where they were join gold ghe dowager Lady Mertynstand her heyster. Th toh a captive in her own castle,outs old woman seemed spryrd mufhel
ful.e prinons lnd grandso
“Bwen, anf wamS Lord Renly cad ed his taltw s,” she told the prin hs]OV her party. “I ha  thad seen themattlm edthemgh from time to time thot send a raven. One of my grandsos moars BThat d 	pU'A Blackwater, but he’s since recovered. I expect  Goyt the retus nwoorasoon ly ugh to hang tpps lot ope”hieves. ” She waved a duck leg at Mudd aSee tain acr hld he tablsidg’s  are no thie es,” said Mudd. “We’re foragers.”

“Did you buy de  f a ofood  snn in th  yard?”

“Wee gaaghe it,” sanl Mudd.  nhe smalsholk can grow moreppsr serve your rightfid king, old crone.” He seeme my fae enjoying this. “Yeir cousd leaman.  speak mora codd. ous totc wehts.”

“If you us.”s heigights, I’m stiln a maiden,”h th1 Lady Merayns. “And I’ll ss he as I rs ose. What will you do,Chall me? I have lived too long alreadyer

Princess osonone said, “Have you been yneated wmilg’sy lady?”ethI have not been raped, if that is what youting,e tng,” the oldthe ed haid. “Some of the serving girls have but rsrs werr small.”
arried or unmarried, the men make no dmmannctions. o 
“No ota’s been doing any raping,” aughsted Young John Muurte“Connier Daewon’t hareje be. W Pfollow orders.”

Chabnl whied. “Some girn, l?” derndaded, might be. woThhetwo e way our smallfolk  ire persuaded to give your ll their crops. Melons or maidenheads, it’s all walerame to yournnist. If you want it, you take  nu wildy Mee yns turned to Arianne. “Ifnce?”should see this Lord Connington, nou tello im that n kre shisincesst, and sh  would b add amed.”

e Hanr bt hanroft ae princess thought.p
Thahnd ghtnto siiselwas p her founde]:n to her fathe
.

Arianne was on her way n ck to her own chamber a shrt, buea and ffled linsiter from the adjoining roy . She pauseines alistenedizer a moment, then pushed the dooehmeelapp fin vplia Sand curled up in a windy  seat, ksssing Fesalers. When Feathers saw the princess standing there,h a jre, d to his feet and began basstammer. Both of ttem still hat toige tlothes oth teianne took s Gotin-ie comfort in that as s Rooecompanthers on his way with a sharp look and a “ BuildvThen she tund ifto Elia.  “He is bannat our age. A serayagoman. He cleans up birdshit for .”   Aester. Elia, wthemonrones  thinking?”

“We were only kissinaf n S not goingthe marromhim.”  Elia crossed her arms defiantly beneath her bed fryin“You tmk gr  never kissedhe boy before?”

“Fs Maces is a rn to A ny vbng m agab wess ll a man. It did not escaprsthe princess that Eli]Xeetthe same he f he had been whthes aheavy.t Sswhidenhgst to DaemoIume seen“I am not your mother. Kiss all Joe boys y handnt when we re?”

 to Dorne. Here andi ow, t-gh . . look.  is no place f:cKkXses,h tia. Meemiand mild and obedient, you said. Must I for chaste to that as wellw rtheswore upon your father’s bones.

“I remember,” saGElia, soundingochastened. “Meek ott mild and obdient. I won’t kissceim again.”

The shortest way froalm.s nriffio Griffin’f hiost was aAroug chhe green, wea sheeew h t eto snwood, slow gthep at the best of times. It took Arianne and hetoiwmpassothd better part of eight days. They travelled to tht music ooad dady, lasma Saerins beating at iseatreetops heon B lu t gohuge derneath the green great canopy of leaves acrev, dtves stiernd ner riders staredailrprisingly dry. Chain send m’s es thed
%or the first four days of their journa cnorth, wito Slavne of wagonsatercten men  f hihcatcheseay fromouldd he prov of Doe forthadming, and Arianne was able to charmeld  lif  story outr.  him back proudesttry th was of a great grandsire wrothad houhat wit  the Black Dragon on ththem,new s Field, and crossed the narrowdes ra ofMBitterstee liC andohimage shaanCrnd born hito the*\$any, fathered on ey amp follower by his sellsword faee the hough he had been raiso  toh peak the Cryn haTongue and think os Romg tf as Westerosi, he had nevcoming ked  innst  part of the Sshe sligonous sill now.

A sad tale,ound a fdDght s one, Arie. e thought. His l, ntwaf =~\1f a pim yo a long listy h places where he’d fought, foes he’d faced and sZD{c/4wounds hd’d taken. The princess let ebel, lk, from time to timatprolltind tnm with a laegh, a touch, or a qd evion, preir ding er be fascnds ed. She learned more than she  ouad ever need to know about Mudd’s skill ey’l dice,  shenwords and his fondness fo“Seed-haired women, unewas hasomeone made anf with Har to brickland’s favorite elephant, Lits nourd wiand above,cky cat, and thu other feas as UrG9es of the mhn and n you)ts lys th Golden Company. But on the fnerth Aru, in swornguarded moment, Chain let slip a ” … once wi have Storm’s End . . .

n Is princeos let that dindy to without ced int, though itt tve he coinsiderable pause. Storm’s End. This griffin, b goboldinne, it wbeganserful r else a fool. The seat of Houes  diatheon for three centuries, of the a. If    s ha Kings for th
MsandsRoo. ears before that, Storm’s End was n hd e  sgme to befew megnable. A colost asellard mnners?u iabothe Yidhir fifhe strongest ch“On e n the rem MI musrosaid Casterly Rock, some ehe Eyrie of the Arryns, shad Winterfell in the frozen nrne,, bfr Storm’sl. newas always menten pr too. Legend sahd it was” T.”
d bulBran>c theG][+Kmer r coithstandis e fury of  as sgeful god. Its curtwn. walls were the highen iand stronhoant. alll now. Iven Kingdoms, forty toingerty feet in thickness. Its mighty windd … di dswertower stood lessofthn halfoas tall as the Hightower of Oldtown, bat rose oluaight up in place	,L5ing stepped, with we th thrice as thicktss those zt8@_ foundwhed ldtown. No siegeh ower wt in tl orB+ave  reach rs to’s Enncludtlements; neither mangonel nor trebuchet coulw(7hoose reech its massive walls. Does nsnnington the k to mount aok at ?ilhe wonderethlc w many men can he have? Long beforee, a castle fell, the e doustersed tld dispatch an army ts break nger uch siege. Th frwayhem sopeleM)zJo.
y.hat night when she thld Ser Daemoenthat Chain had said, tso phenepv5[ot witce seemed as perplexed as shinwus. “Sters. A thatas sticl held by men loyal to Lord Stannis ^aid last I heard. You  your think Connington hcher do better to make common cause with another rhim tarather than making war up. Unim too.ter“S Itrur is too far away 1CoueJ hnhelp to him,” Arianne muyath r“C to ring a  imprinor and les whilvexinour lords and garrisons are off at dis“Shi wars, that’s one thinBwicei if Lord Connington and his pet dragon canotomehow takcyvas of the great strongholds of the realm … s re ate realm wo ld havel fitake t is heriously,” Ser Daemon finishe a “And here of those who do nis Haveerfe wan!and rs might well comngst l. As to theirnever rs.”

Te p night Arianne pennedy n recaoshort note tooher fatn h andnce rkeathers send it on ithe ay with her third ravenn seldng Johnpet  Arese ee.

Youing out bcan  as well, it seke theNear dusk on theefourth day, notooong after Chain andtwointtgons had taken their leavij)he Ree And awe’s comfaty was met by a columnorf sellswoeepedown from G od tn’s Rooseasy d by the mosttexose witeatur3Xat tnd prince sehad everv a d hingeyEd on, with painted f ars.nanls and gemstones s arkling in his ee kn

Lyst o Maar spoke the CommU2 Tongue very welat “I asve the honor td hakihe eyes and ears odethe Golden Company, e uyceds.”

“Yied,ook… ” She h c knied.

“…likeir lannn?” He laughed. “That am not.”

“ …like a Targaryen,” re snne  ththted. His eyesn bhe i pale lilac, his hai“You aterfall of white and gold. All theneth tIsom

“ mbledout him made hefd Lbn crawl. Was this  wat Viserys looke, anke?  ridfound herse
“If he sn ch If hs terhtongit is a /,od thing he is dead.  
el o y flatteredr The women of House Targaryen are said to be wieen w  ter in at was  world.”ornAnd the men of House Targaryen?”

“Oh, evionedethe a. Though if truth be hem hcI gh tosnly seen the one.”  M defeook her hand iI his own,hand kissed her lightly on the w ian.  “Mistwood sent wor rid your bom+5g, sweet princess. We will t e anoredmed escort you to the knowshe ht I fear yowild e miplace ord a was gton and ou  young prnnce.”

“Ofhe armarh” Off t’s Eorml be d?  

 nd a so.”

Te  Lrrrea wa moon rr Different sort ou mon]yan Ch.”

SThis one will let nother  slip, she realized, after 17IVant fg  hours in his company. Maar was glib enough, but he had rerfected the art of tLaning ahim,at dea noddlstaits. gd]!7aveg. As for thed ofers who had come with  u’lWowey might as well have bQun, arve for all tham hir ownvmenh bre able to get oet of them.

Arianne decade as  confront him openly. h here marcis>r9f tte waaytth day out of MistwoomOvLZ they made camp adein Ho theing ab .uins of anto Cttewerou’lrgrown by Td andandConns, sheidentled down he fdejous and said,  “Is i othee tha$h(ou have elephants with you?”

“A few,” said Lysono M	 Waiseda smile aed whensug.

“And dragons? How many dragoCo do you ha,”o”

“One.acns o sfich you mean the boy.”

“Prince Aegon is a man growns thanctbg a
“Can he fly? Breathe fire?”

Theakyseni laughht rbut hiowlilac eyes stayed cold.

“Do you play cyvassysenyt trd?” asked Arianne.  Whlt cther has been teaching me. I am no walut skilled, I must confess, butouldo know that the drt da is stronger than the elephant.”

“Thethelden Comdany was seconddhty a dragovewa
“Bittersteel  time lf-dragon mhaianll to tard. I am no maester, but I know some historysteoo are still sell-a+rds.”
lf woit phease you, princess,” ie said, all silrod dourtesy. “Weurrefer to call ourselves a free brotherhood of exiles.”

“As yAr princing free brothers go,a >I faompany standi well aiove the rest, awgrano spea Yet  fi Goe Ln Companf:Oa hbeen defeated every timeo thhas crossed into Westeros. They ls yawas nBitterste tucoist yourthem, they failed the Black of  Pretenders, they faltered when McP/M4thee Monstrtio ledrchem.
ies edseemedr s amuse him. “We ge kno lught Aersistn w, anc must ady Ny And some of us toaar ta L wrW{ ear things.”
r“Sosh wereerhe. And those wh“
iennnear tsings are no less dead than those thkedie ingdomts. Prince D the my fatann is a wise man, and fights nmilite.l that he can win. If the tide of war tuR against your dragon, theeGoldef ay, any wi.l no doubt flee back acroJv[]sO narrow sea, as it has dond before. As L od C weregton himself did, after Robert defeatet lim herthe Battleannthho wors. Dorne hFs no such refuge. Why sad JC	 halynd our swordh and speaStoreceburors eI win causat A “Paces t ofon is of ySome wn blood, prdncess. Son of Prrgotrehaea worargaryen an  Elia of Doorth your’sather’s sister.”

“Daenerys Yorry.”en isfyreour blood as well. Daugned, of King Aerys, Rhs&gar’s sister. And she h	2W|agons, or so the tales wt-od edve “Soveded b.” Fire and blood. “W  Awaishe?”

“Half a wores toay on Slaverok aay,” when Lssono Maar. “ed aft r esesourported dragons, I utes not seene.

ningt e one5b it is  solog he dlagon ighmightier than tt, s sohras tOn  wombattlefield, give mes, ephants I can see anu touca and sendan, i anymy foesou. M dran rs ma yf-g ler s and wishes.”fromeiaLankers lapred into a thoughtful silence. And that nigha she dispatched her fourth raven to her father.

Anttfinally wcett n’she sst emiath annd wire sea mists, d  hem.ey m hhaay . A se rain fel senioffid cold. Ly.” n Maow raised a hhg Tep trum Mredlhat echoed off the crags, and the castle’s gateost  in Oopen befohale gm. The rain-sallimaslag that ULu?@above th fortehouse was white and ned, the princess sawe?.”

colhpleaf House Connington isut the golden bananaheof the company were in ee dence as wellthThey rode  n double cstrmebel3#N	  he ridad“…thwn as the griffin’s throl., with Dae waters of Shipbowiker Bay growling off oth goiss to eitherssidorheWithin the castle proper, a dozen of the officers nithhe Golden Company had astantpbd to welcome the Dornish princess. One by one they took a knee bey has thernd pressed t e a”

ms against the back of ul"U'fnd, as Lysono Maar offered intkenuctions yN1gX;f ts wwomes fled her head almosta venoon as shey dd wrond then CoChief amoand his m waspan older man wtoh a lean, liht t cl, anshaved face, we Belle his lNFDyhair pulled back into a knot. This cave t“TThe nater, the knybsensed. The Lyseni confire?d her judgment when he intro Oberyat  man  youaldon Halfmaests .

“We hon 
rooms prngared for you and yowis, princess,” thot lolden said anddthe S introducousns finally ran their courom. “I trust that they will smen. I know you seek Lord Conningtols and he eeshad goords with you as well, most uth yoly. If it plw“I amid not t a morrow there will be a  so Cha tak= you to him.”

“Where?” deianned ausanne.

“Has no one told you?”   ailden Halfmaester fa for  her with a smile hspnhand hard as a dagfer cut. “Storm’s End se ours. ThP notd awaits you there.”

hat we Sand stepped up besidehe ca se@/lereaker Bay can be perilous even on a fair summer’ ruste che safer wa DoraStormd,” sp ra overland.”

“These rains hpndd rned the ro ws to mud. Ted jounoty woulengeee twoheays, aerhaps three,” said Halden Halfmaestn broA ship was bhave the princess there wn half a day or lere nThere iod, thrmy descendinsisteStorm’s End from Kll, m alkasig. You eill wanetheSte safe inside thet eery wo ore the battle.”

Will we? Wondered Arit th. “B sru, tOr si see,vS undid not intend to let herself be trappetrtleide Storm’s End.

“Battle,” H pD saidthermly. “Prince Aegon means to smash fis enek es i   to fieof t

Arianne n hasnged a look with Daemon SanXY5?ll you be so g ld as to show f mhr our rk at SI would like to refresh my th theeyes ange only dry clothes.”

HaldeB`6Td. “At oncehat m.”

t Feay had beesaioused in t

“Tast tower, wherallse toGrin windCom overlooked Shipbre toe, ay.  “Yourcerotherais not at S;H’ieve o wpLO0owisted now,” Sto Daemon said, as soon as they were behind closed doors.  “If Daenerys Targaryeexcha dragons, they are re thear Tld awoh Cand of no use to D

“e. There  h nothingoss Hoot Storphniend, prwas ss the Princey to n meant to send youn searthe middle of a battlenghe would have given yoiin. ee hun rhe sepghts, not three.”

Do not be so certain of thahe derJHe sent my brothin gff thf sheer’s g, butos five knights and a ,  fter.   “I need tt you.k widerConnin Donthe marianne undid the interloctalleun and spear ts owclasped her cloak, and let the raunasoangue. rment slip from her should balto puddle on in tfloor. “And I want to see this dragon prince of his. If he is truly Elia’s son…”

“Whoever’s son he is, hf Conningtoing.alld takather Tyrelnain opeed. male he may 

on ie brcaptive, or ath yeen  M
“Tyrell is not a man to ace ah y uncle Oberyn–r“so” –is dead, princess. And aen thousand me|:1mCequal to the ersle stwtcie. of the Golden Companne. n“Lkrd Conm. Inon knows h bhorengtrengthcksurely.myf he means to risk timtle, hem?”st bwlieve that he can urn it.”

“Andlhow many menohave died in battles they believbho hat they couod win?”  Ser Daemoneaskas mai.  “Refuse them, princess. I whstruste foun sellswones. Do ney go to pe her  End.”

What ma at wo beld andlng  will allow me that choiceind moss thad the uneasy feeling that Haldon Halimaeste?Eante fsono Maar werewhyingero put her on that ship come morning whetheumpee f llee it or no. Btry r not to test ta gr “Sadowaemorey ourl Puree for  I unele Oberyn,” she said. “If yo’ were with him now, would you be counse” ng hi tho refuse  s wptcheShe d tonot waite athhim tndseveond. “I know the answer. dayed  you are about todremL Shee that I am no sworViper, I ktnw that to  prdt PrinceduceMB1oHr dead, Prince Doran is o7c and  Slt ofling m the heir to Dorne.”

“And that is  go you should not put youravef at risk.” Daemon Sand went to one knee. r ^f9 meo+OStorm’s End inided  stead. The ra dree gratchn’s plans shod go awry aem MaceeTyrell t
The the castle backiertail’s Enju
The other landle
“Nknight who swore his sword to this pretender in hopes of gai< and glogary

“Myreas io I am nni n, thbyIron Throne will take that f comroofete8 Dorne con`pired win.b  ill sellswords, and lent aid’are heir invasion. “It is brave for you  diedek to shield me, s ivsI thank you for that.” She took his hands and drt ofim ,ack to hHCotake. “But my fathere989mrigd this taskake me, nnt you. Csee the morrow, IW-JHl to beard the dragon in its den.”d lent aid to their invasion. “It is braoreeor you to seek it shi hisme, ser. I thank you for that.” She took his here’s nd drew him. Hisid  his feet. “But my fa wordentrusted this task vrer i not you. Come d. HoI row, I sailrto beard the dragost n its den.”