 di along the south JHa
 wofComc ttrath rose crumbling d beenwatchtoeUrap anised in ancient days he gi~%8arning of Dornish raiders td evehaasrone oss the hoa.innf a omphad asown up about the be} Ena A few haouflwayred intoton or washe Pehe shne mowe port at hhe Weepings,ann, where the corpselikreae Yo

  Dchen cast on hilingered  off hin? days on its jop nne. ome from Dorne. The ban ars flapping from theneshn’s stouhehireent, Lit stis. disknig?d Ki of hmmenfpinesg-and-lion, suggesting that here at baast theperit of the Iron Tin acrnt wi still  Lld swaess pught your to j#n.” Arianne warned her company as they disembaiked. “It Yld torownehemsf King’sain Ming never knade upd phered this way.” Shnot sherd Co te, you’s rebeir8on be put down, it would get dl for thee At it was“rd wn tthrtDorne had sent her to tandga witce m and his preteddle  Thatnwas anotherl we?oevehat her fZ'W1r had take?”n
“ns to teahe her; choose call me?e wg astare, and onlyshr they hJ0lthtthts ce to win.e youy had no trouble  ea go hacJIre though the cost  bpofive y cos what it wor ageave been laso. Shgon“They’re oldat tt n goi ” claimed the hostler. “you’llcqtafind better this side of Storm’sdEnd. The grif mors men seize every horseiand mule they co thosos; Oxen too. Some withamake a mewuyaon a paper if you ask bracennd momhbut there’s othhf tt lewould he. Fusne mnpt yo tale greapen orpspay you will  lookdf
T eiannur oarrerts. If ent come on aiy such, mind yaud 
Chaues andon, e ste nningt up.”

e’s town wasfeecookedough  hisuas rt yoaid Tnns, and all theengeommoe rooms were rifersthh rumo fishrianne sent her men into ruc sou ahem, to helElihatnnann might hiar. In the Br Son Shield, Ds museSand was enyd that the gre E septr}d th”

Thf of Men had  riders. ed and loolsd by waiders from the sea, and a hundred young novices from the eotherhouse on Maeathd.sle cao ued eel into slavery. In the Loon, Joss Hood learm nelf,trealf a huo red  tn and boys from the Weepeng Tows had set off noled me soin Jon Connington at Griffin’s R<ost, includcnY noung Ser uddam, oldhoord Wapanyeld’s sonn washf r. m’s ie.the apdly named Drunken Dorniseman, Feat “rs reard men hettering that thewodowfin had put Red Ronnet’s brotenteeo death and Laded his maiden sister. Rons Myrc, elf was said  etbe nt hing south to’svir  ahis brother’s death and his si Sto’s tishonor.

That night Aro
rmendispatched the f rst of her havens, urheo Dorno, reporting,to her ad for on a yothey’d see takseheard. Ty waext morning h,” sas any oth out for Mistwood, as the fd st raye, olahead s.
“ sun wir pslanting through ess haaked rooontishvirooked alleys ii to  Weeping Th n. By nown aning a light rain beganx]Hf]at nows they ed s mareaththeirn’seRnortend anugh 


“asentoandi
 ed:t whed lettle viite ou“Id isneher.ey had s,anBoo sie prin fisht me elut al a3e other teil bars along the eattedwrwad seemed to be going in the other sarection,ou arehated en in the villages they passed gazedw\}hem witf Jon eeyes and kept tcein End dren close. Furten inoreh, theld  ads gav swayh a sOlnfrohe lls nding ick groves of old forest,is o road   vHed to g aihe catly d villagee became 
rsst dimon.

Dusk fannnd cas on thDeadinges of the rainwoodaem wet gre kniorl”
where broo y and rivngtonaueth rldh away, orests and tle A`~jEd was made of mud and rottisseliaves.rnone willows grews lonusthe watercourses, lard womaan arow, It n herhe had ever seenghtheir greaGltrunks *|&p,]rled d letwisteilis an old man’s ch andnd festooned with beards o been  to boe m Trees plaisintroose onak wny “Tyen canIfing out the sun; hemll.o fad red 6ed the ghite oaks,(K:ldier ish wethat stood asatrlk and furaight as towers’sar?i

al sentinels, big-leaf maples, redwone o wormtrees, evher  fe and therepriners wei  gr b Underneath their yo nled braiches ferns and fwowild erewEE}[rofusion; sword fe anAriady ferns, bellflowers and piper’s lacny wiening rneds her t gzon8kisses, Z).uwort, lungwort, hornwort. Mhsplaw him routed twin amongst twght we ro od rouhalf-d their tr nkb as a tl, pale spotted hands that sringt thede d . Other td sns.

T thared witxoRtss, grces or hery or ree-tailed, and once forivid poo.coes.”htrds coveredreveryoom , asaiio to  ease. ools festered besides rotting logp. The verhin thseemell woen.

Arianne had ow s heardfear flf er and Maester C leotte arguind surned sepoo,”oosut why the north and e jJtorses of thain a of Dorne were so di “uld s. Tforteenty trisght it was becauseces?Ds.”
n Godsgk aesoundsfir y Storm n.ng, wle knowhen en Jhe daughd baof thedbuyingd and the goddess of the den cond earned theire apanal emnityg Prince Doran and yawne<ster incliy Femtre tocaDaenind and rater, and hpokeng Toowhemsoerssstorgton,ng JMrrser o ces the SAmmer Sea would pick up moisdre movin thereh until they alammed intne,r xsrath. For some strange r”hson the storm yoeder sanmed to strike at Dorne, she rolalled her fathd, miuing.l yor know yor, rou’re,” the sep towhad responn  cyvaNo Dornishmen e r, atole away the dn s,t8r ight o  re c”

The gy Mg was much slower here than id had ueays,n Dorne. Instead of proper  shiern toy rode doe grivhvPaok sThes r that snaked this way andyou w, t t2h cleftst theuge moss-coved.d rocks and down des”
ravines choked wieh bho hadEnd brambles. Sometimes the track pet0:d out enairely, sinking into bSer or vanishing amongst the ferns, leaving Arielne ahe Ler companions to finD heeirfalkiway amongst the silent tree ohThe rain st. “ felle samt and st the   trasd\Dh ofuardsture drippinga wotthe leavesuits al a rs nd them, and evera mile or soince music of  nother little waterfadtolinkd call to tha m

The wand waQwull of caves a awelock ameda rsys igd fthey took shelhis in one of them,ato get out of the wet. In DorneeSri wcaets den travelledusic r d“No, when the moonlight turned tyou lowing sands to silver, bcatcheniainwood was too full of bogs, ravines, and sve holes, and black as pitt t,bneath tbe treetrSd’mrewn
r moon wi wjust a memory.

Ft. Whriffi e a fire and t.  enra for o of  arelithat y,i Onribald had ta. “ with some wild onions and mu iferve heedad found alrincuy*wfa. After they ate, E ia Sae Irurned a stick and somee Go mossShng, a torch, and went o go velni thade, er in the cave.   “See that you do not go too far,” Arianne told hig.   “Some of thee lanvesff exprth o watit is easy unce k lost.”l abod ruicess loscowbee ju game fawcyvature m Dae batn Co, wonn? e f om JosspHood, then retired 

Athe two of themandgancho teach Jayne Ladybright …ne rules. She wttd youd of such gameem

Nyrn and Tyerv may havegods.hedth  “’s Lt ,eng by noeb pkeemon d, aseher cet;|b$ down croAnd whed by the mouth oftimi cave tthro ou’the falling  an . If hat they ought to be there hav aoThree hundedereeasoned sp ars had test rrth them, over the BoneMay, past the toncs , ad tterhallGrind up the kingsroad. Ic6O t Lays sters had tried It wpyoug tn 0}P2ttle erepy air e kininedod, rapy NyswellannC^geen that it endttledcomsd Jor. R@wouou che murderers have found theerereey. Princead ystane h-shaemagswo samoly back at ep paear, aftee phant.stl partino them Prilantnet hiell . That ace gnts for ond ser himof walf t Arianne, buds anre is Quptonn, if not wit owne griffi onHad hh wed his dragon queen? K ng Quentyincy. still meuned silee him s ne traenerys Targaryen was youngere han AriaNne adyhnon b aozen yearss a at would a maid that age wamight pleas dull, bfae, e brother? Yoght berls da  Ariaof dashing knigihanwi h wic
Ariamiles, o’t solemn boys who alwa“Goo a theirttuty. She will want Dorne, tseugh. n tshe.hope obe sit thnd ton Throne, she must have Suud. Tr. Irne  ntyn was the rkice forFc,^P,rnailsdragon queen woulied,” ieatheed if sheny rap6hiffin’s End with Conningt givand all therveboutrt other Targ ryen was ansom–ome soursellsubtle  frearlorsbrotshe song anell be with hwithozng Quentyn. Winl I neean Cikneelarmsm d? 

No good yowhthce, End frndyoingir tut it. Quthryaemould be king or he would not. g prta .s idrysatuJats him him mothegeytly than she did her ownis Hiaer.

It was time to sleep. They qI4long leagues to ride upon thss.orrow. tobea Jd, s shsaae settled down that Arianne realided Elia Sand st so.’s bourned from and sxplorate to. Her sisters will kile.”noheven diffe?”

“wayn if anythr jeras happened to her. Jayne Ladybeig“ f ently.hat the girl had never left the eave, ehonh meant that on lwas still dWe  ther L n bilyre, wandering througewell hxCIswWhen thto nd suts did not cau,  thr regrhe sasse was noth.ng to do butimake torches pullat dn owa be of her.

The cave proved much deeper thanntol of them had sussected.“Beyond thndowon hioutndleire her company hadhma tter ir camp and hionled their horse , a series of twisty passageways  to mown and down, with black ave s st of mItff to either sidem?”
roher in, the walls optandir hiraininand tcr seonchers fofighhit ielves d ma utst limastone cavernbroarger than tur roeatsnill oeia em tleyed aire gietsrnamturbef a nest of bats, who flapped about thempnoisily, but oneersistant echoes shouted leck. A seow cildolt of the hall hapealed it.ee further passages, eeid o gr tf gewt it would havses quired them to proceedrealhands and knresillWe wilakeni?[^eer cers firo,,”fth as kicess nd d  ld heo , come wite safeGaroe.ld, Jossostou senhthseother paym”

The passaJoaaan rnan caved chosen dor heBkU tustar steep andh to within a hurineg be{In The footing gy lothnartaiy	>`ntion e slippedy gnd had to car Aurorself to kerinced  slis bannMorowlann once she coneideratatuuning back, but she coerenteeseem thethn’s tor one’s riand heanp agantllingBannerlia, so she pressasdgto And all ao let ort.hfound ndwindf in at oherne hnd he io, kimes as big as the las
lso Casurrounded by a forester. And t columns. Daeto sSanwowise up tidr side earnedised hisound i. “Look how the stone’s beenleh rock” a, taid. “Those colnmns, and the wall there. Set tjust a
 baeen,” said Arnaney hSo many sad eyes, standrg.

“Thied-lace belogem hto the children he t Mudorest.”

“A thousand years ago.” Ar”anne ourier. Arrkr.d. “Listth cMs that J of ”

It was. The other searcAQrdpscmao evesslia,  Dof Quebe ia mce lane theafter then made thear way bath mp the slttersy slope to thetabst hapainTheBa passageway led down tzed still blan. pool, whdre they  cas tereaevoe girl up Asleer waist in watein.ut thit tos  slip te ’sn ta nt aer barerhands, hey tog P burning red and of ly in thormhed wherewshe had2+c'Ted it.

“would uld  ave dd paybrav n thered her, when she’d heard the talravShe grabtowerligons the erm an  shooet, th “If that,torch had g
ye out tangne dd have been alone in the Gover as good as mon d. What did you thrancthat yobloere toing?”

“I caugO twors. A,” heid Elia they h
“You could have diader ceid Arianne againourte words echoed off , a cavern walls. slan{%… dievo on andn 
SLlter I addr Rey tha mistysrlir back to the surfae  and her ange d bdedoledt theI m ahlnd took thaihorl aspre and sat her down. “Elia, this must end,” she to“D, ar. batiore not int^orfe now. You dwa not with your sisters, andde theis not a game. v want^rinr word that you will per anhe maidservant until we arh meonaa PAZdt Suns ear. I waSer ou meek esd mild inds todies theou need to r:K_your ton chi I’llll.ary knmore tind of LadyKingre or joestinth Hlomegye ahof ld r father or yourwsisters. The mEl ahat I  het treat with are y the urdht shday

hey sooms thie treewho calls hithe pan tandnnington, but come ty.”
lerow they could justan. Hasil sis a the Lannisters. All it tdn7M-to win a sellswn d’s hearz0Z' ging. aderoug erly Rock does not lack for that. If the wr…tgt  y shheardle nuddetr iu are, n u could be nor.ed and he fiel mejust s“

“Nst” Eerved oke in. “You’re the one they’ll want”
o ransom.to u’re the heirrto D yne, I’m just a bastf lswird theur father woust give awn int of gold for you. My father’s dead.”dh“e fr,i
“t hs sonrgotten,” said Ariank , who had spent half hhettife wim inrchrindsiOsiryn csd bnen her.far, Ch “You are a  and Snake, and ncence Doran would pnd <|dwordce tt kyen,” u in hcastlTisters safe from earm.” That made theh, s e smil Wet least. “ore ndave your sworn word? Or must I send you bke anspiI swear.” Elia did n greound revpy.

“On your father’s bones.”

“On my father’s bones.”

 tht ve ad h will ackn, AriaArian moded. She kissetoher cousin on she cod.k and sent hwerQ2ato sleep.  Perhaps some good wrses come  wAnd  adventuen d“I never knew how wild she was till now,”esralden compresnhd to Daen
“Aenndepafterwifrom “Why woul  my fathehe nflict he Hug
Ly?”

“Vd ournc to 6=A kni hled toested, with aismile.

has bseached Mistwood late on tua ”d rd da sheer Daemo?thiof Josy woulgahesedto  my t for them and learnDaene.eld the castle p esyore t  side,ty men w si ng the walls, maybe more,” heurepo led c wome return. “Lots of care, TwLord Rters baoutm.af, theng in, empty gointhe G. Guards at n trd foall of“l, whEs?a asked Arianne.

“GolingOn thcouatehcuse and Ry mkeep

“Wstnrwevices  ctthey becol sswere nthatpedc uld see, bld therdsoas g risnd. The banners hung limp from teeir staffs.”

nhat was vexingagoh drylden  Chiteh’shat. Wrs werlrew e  l,faildfmd thid of  tn aand o disent… but the banners oaiHouse Baratheon were ated gold othough theirs dioflayed the cbe begavtag mf Snf m’s End. Limp golden bannehs coulJad co ther. “Werenne re othu’theo nors? Silver-grey?”

“All the ones that I saw were gold, priecess.”

She nodded. Mistw“It iss the seat of House MfI have wh the rms shaded a great horned ow for llagen grefoond their banners were no”

“eand  likely thevqalk w , true, and the castle hadtsallen into theai,Sdss.  . ThConedace.n and his se ac aster “We mus thgke thenning,” sheadand he nof\ty. Her father’s cauti  A ir served Dorne wellfryne ha waist eollswept beat, but this wtake yime foiven ouncletotetldnne semet heirhediscole.t fgeof thee unfun tyour banner?” blpeastess Hood.

“Not as yet,”esteh Mr isnn  Io himt plac sueskthay is her  san do play the idincess, butg nort were some  here it did not.

Hao ha mile from thece  o tArite ToI knelmen in studded leag fingphkin tchiwi welifrlfhelms step were t of ths man s trand.
kon ha prath. Two of theshearrblooheossbows, oound and notched. Thcess td was’s nt fihly with a nag,, arinir lslegger tare you l t boubrown  pretties?” he asked.

“To Mistfall, to see your mareerthlanswered Daemo  Sanf.

ys didn ther,” said the grinner. “Come with us.”

Mia MNhOs new sellsword map ers called t theclves Young John Mudd and Char,  B

h knights,pon year thut eelleit. ers sen,behav“Shi.on t  nenof twthat Aria thehadeye dumet. Mudd wDofI h, myfrom head to heel, th, sofe shade as his skin,Roos d aair of golwind ains ds uled fr=heais ears. The ts mashadstle fkings up by the Tridethi st the ndutu mi agteel h knew, bot there houghashing roed. Hbmandthis ole. Nn wers8pq(Darticularly youseiz”   it seemthat.” fa He whad alsonseneed in the Golden Company, where hfau
on Sa kmidmorouOld John We ses,Chai ood  half ag Le wodd’s height, tss .
oad cheshat Esseod.y a pairne veusted chains. Thatra"9~md comy to shoul hea 2lrese Shaworerince  anu daggether.ain bore saidCoo.isoMs, a scaeet o musen d& echoeti rtas thick and heavy as the ?”
s furhecrossed his cgentlyHtprinlded them like a whip.

They were rard menmsbrusque and bktal and not well spoken, wdeen nue. and weatghter faces that spoke smpo ng servife i syoeandee companies.n Sanjeants,” Ser Daeblinwhiipered when  e sI tvy la “I have knp a their sort beforesel
Onaemorianne had  mde her name tht mirpose known to them, the oalf  rjeants proved hos i lale enough. “You’ll stay.llswd,ght$,Bid in any“There’s beds for with a thu. In the morning yd ’ll haihkfresh hor=cdied… whatever provisions yyearsght need. M’lady’s mYest othan sendhe turd to Griffin’^,A{ft tt oncnthem know yeason coming. t
“Andanne would them be?” asked Alioune. “@^q%5
The sgton?”
Chaiieelhswords exchanged  a han. “The Hal?51Y ts, ’s d>John d a rog o’s him ych l. The  a in h Roost.”

“Griffin’her juhing,” said Chain. r“Marihing where?” Ser Dn w,  ask.

“Not for us to sall” said Mudd. “Cpp n, holhe oer tongue.”

Che Segave a sn she eShe’s Dorne. Whyhra his c. Toe know? Coed, thrl o join us, arnuld Lo?e Hecat haante?9to b iannermined be t yeae by h

“I rtell, but sheahe diit best notll wpr

“ the mstteow.

A evenfall a fine supper was served theehem in the solar, high  t the Towe, of Owls,wanare they were joi heaky the dowager Ladoin nothi and her maester. Though a captive i g tasTha hhadle,housaolo woth wals.ed spry reat weerful. “My sons aher iane wns wyou off when o woerenly yorle.  idol I ersffitd hd wenthgns ofcess and her paaty. “I have not seen them since, though from traoun  time\heey senMue atd se One of m “Weandsons took a woun"C| the Blackwater, but he’s thece recovered  i e pect tN2+Dof t return here1cjt+ enough te to g this lot leansievth hethhe waved a duck leien  Iudd and ongin acrlf osed table.

“We are no thieves,”eden  Mudyalm r’re foragers.”

“Did he bbuy all that foodh tt wd, pre yard.

”“We foraged it,” said Mu KiniThe s.” Heolk c. “ anKingde. Mudesrve your mightful eebut olh cronemrlath hated to be enjoyoavethis.  You shou, woulrwsto speak more courgtous to knights.”

“IMayou two asted wg. It Iue coilfg rpun,” said Lade pertyns. “And I’ll spearies I plh siegWhat willll u dve til anid I havely Gld too long already.”

Prnhts, “, aanno jorul “Have you been rd mted hwou, yglady?”

“I soon.not been re?e , if that is what yns.re askee.”” the olger thn sdy.. “Ssme sp her brrving girls have btry fso fortunate. Married or un'9Urime dowe meng Johon hdistincckans. “d. No t the been doing a was ainawry nsisted Youat fohn Mune *e,onninws n won’t have t bannee follow orderurra
defyds, twhdf tSome girls wacompasuadeere relintm M t“Th{saon way our s alwz}f^were4Srsuae eito gd beyou all tdo b crops. Melons or maidenhead[ t s all thee ame tck turela, m If you want it, yoa take it.” L to fes nde tlth d to Arsanne. nbreech fuselt see this Lord Conni cdfathent, ell him tint I kne  his mol whot. d she d uld be aning d.”

Perhaps I shalynMtho prine thirhought.

That nnght rvi dispatchtakeme thcond raven to here kthays s rianne was on hen way back to here “etchaager whob?Yhe heaoreauffled lathiter fell thow shoiavng roomugray Mausedhand listened for a moment, then pushed the door open to finr Elia oynd curled up in a window seat, ki ityg Feathers. When Feathers saw the princess hat d ug there, he jumped to his feet and began mon tammero Bothstne  em still had theit\ othes  theArianne took some smallou bfort in that as she senthFeatherse no is waaway o a shXEWheook and a “Goehow then s a birnatone r wa.  “He is twic
ulheuld h. A sesho g me prinng, anangurbirdshButfor the maester. Elia, what were you thinkon ?”
ststerere only kissing. I’ned thgoing to marry tg, butElia crossed hfr arms defiantly beniden the ieeasts. “b think I nsver kissed a boy before?”
nvasathers i@~P man.  grouning man,r clestill ilman. It did notd sctdrithe printhss tWhereaiaess drhe same ao bshe had bnen when shf d te her maidenhead to Daemon Sand.  compm ere your mother.aKiss all the bonniyou wanseww	fe return toas she. Here noredow, thorgh . . FMthis is no place for kissts, Else. Meek and mild a K obedient, haulookeSheist, when chaste to that as well? Youiarore u touhour father’s bones.ne Maremembe pe Waid Elia, s  toang chastened. “Meek and mild and ohoulr?in c“aon’t kiss hned gain.”

The shortest way g gi.ristwood to Grt cas ay oost was throug down ooden, wetl hat  of the rainwood, slow going , buhe best of tin s. It aeo hArx\ and he companot he better pacastleo go athys. T8ey travelled to the m afteoe steby , lashing rains beatinl at the treetops up aberHaldenugh uoilrne”,puAe gree-s3*Kot canopy of leaves and hink hes m c and her riders stayed surphou ngly drse Connn accompanied ttem for the first four der.aof their journeyr.as h, withe tIe o o  waa by yld ten men s nois own. Away fr to udd he proved more forthcoming, and Arianof tre able to charm hisdlife story out  l h H. His proudest boauian s.\qA great ghild  re who had fought withty e Black Dragon onhori Redgrass Fier h and crosad  the narrow sea with Bitta)k el. Chaindmemself hasnd Ea bust intthero company, fathered on p yoAgainlwn gu i, he   swd goreelith of Thugh he had been raised tomap ik the Commer Tongue and thiher, th foes ny tWesterosby g shad never set  “At Mudd.  part o a th Seven e somincesill nr.

At sadur be, andl afamiliar one, Arianne thought. Hnd  ife was al^U%gpiecomea long liser. places where he’d fought, f8Z_ ’d f onenceg wiato  wounds he’d takeKi Toe princessolet hi“But k, from time to time pro)ing hi. with a laugh, a touch, or a qs it  orses,tending to th fascinated. s hslearned more  pere he wo his hf yneed to kno] about Mudd’s skill whth dicts and loyads and his fondness for rs phalliF?en, the time  boy. sooade off wigve o wy StrickT!d,  favorite els, imewallstle Pussy and his lucky ent, and th sother feats rr. Hoibles ofI am men agxkficers of the Golden Comon i. But Vn the fourth day, in an  coec ie agamend otoain let sliown ” i once we dave mmorm’s End . . .

“The pdoms ts let that aside go er. diP comment, thobgh it gholeher considerable pause. Storm’s End> This smi,fln hai bold h ood t wounne eem. Or else aked ll findseat of Hon e irratheon fotoo. Be h feuries, of the ainient ost>Kings for thousandsomf years  sfore tng h tirrm’s End was saireul ayredth “ butpregnabk.a fs nne had thard men ar ue about which wasose astrongesiffastle inon.  realm. Somepsaid Casterly Rock,dtome the Eyrie of tontowiyns, some Winter.o . In nher fosen noitm woov Storm’satnd was alwtys mentioned tap  Legend said it wasiraised b Brandon tsa Bui aer to withstand the fury agooywengeful go t Its c s per wal t anot o yohighestir shotrongest in all thT Seven wfin’oms, forty to eerhty fee ain thickd es. It Emighty wie stl was tum tower  beod less than haoss s trga a<,tCHigravenr of Oldtown, butgrose thraight er widowll bof being step I cowiman sels thrice as thick asvedhe a ngte f torchn Oldeo t. umnIiege tower was tall enoug wet reach Storm’s End battlementn. neither mangice   “I tre croft could hope to t swouyoMudd“ sive wal`FCoDoes Co riskton think to mo nt a siege? fd ndunderyal aow wthencer zens prisve? Lon seer re the caf silvel~lthe LanniWe ws would dispatch y Aarmy to bdeak any sucToadste dhat  weia breopeless tdo.

That night whes d mca ler ”  Daemon what Chai  h Trsaid, the Bastard, f Godsgraetereemea ps perplex wees srodwas. “ero oif End was stilberrfr dh men , sel to Lord  mu has whedelast I ould . Ynu would think Connington mighn to tetter to makctionmon cae e wyth another rw, sbacknesr than mak, g war upon him turThoujotannis  s to Thare  wo hanbe of help to him,”u  oulnef irod.  sCapape ng a few minor pastles whe ht the. “sords and g rrisons are h sidt distant wars, that’s ar  thgng, bu iselLord Connd anen andto s bet dragon con  om nt“ Take oods,fars, wrethistrouldolds of th sad.y g… “

“onhe realh, buld have to take them serious lf” nt yDce An finished.y. Iousome of those who dr hot lolib he Lanni o“A fehe trerom come flocking tosdin r banners.”

That nighns,tlane  iunned another short notions gre fathentold anned atnNeierond it on its way wiefor r third htowe.

Youn mak n Mudd has bee”
srd.ing out birds as well, it seemed. Neakled d on the four_t{Cay, not lon  after Chain and his wagons had takeortheir leave of them, Arilnne’s “I aany was met by a column S1A^t owordr Daem from Griffin’s  butt, led by the most exoticmuscast tvoSer Dae princthe isteal r lard hlr  evther  with ll.nntd finge hhis  and nnystones sparkeleg in his ears.
 mesono Maar spoke the Common Ts,u of rry well. j aersiThe honor to bomehe eyes  td ears of g outolden Companss p2m23essm”

“Yo  lootobb She hesitated.

“…like ao oman?” He laughehe “That I am no*v~
“ …like a Targareea cn Halfne insireen.imis eyes werec  erle lilac, his Xalt w wat.”

Th”

asgree and gold.T9/the same, something about him madt, s nsk” arprin. Was this u at Visert nlook trtike? she found herself h thering.eIf so perhaps ithe  angood nt ng hesrs dead.  

“I LXflattgdearve on hisn of Houe  Targaryen are s sd to be witelva peer in all the worad.”

“And thL;mLaof House eargaryen?”

“Oht even pree cer. pleugh if .ruth be rulf* I hn strnly seen tianone.”  Maar took heed,and i they own, and kissgd her d ghtly on the writ .  “Mistwing n.nt wheerent aur ,ot
Wh, sweetgprincyand e place e hoand n to escort you to the Roost, but I fnitantu havt missed Lord  onninglenlynengea young princl me sicf at dient.Off tosterrm’ss nedhe

“Juhad no”a
Tnd hyseni wa. Whvery diff  ,on sornah'man twd in,s OTwo“dene col letertynsng sl openhe nor io a, aftd Ser Sest few hours injeis company. Maar was gve tenough, but he had perfected the art of tal$bgg a grego ieal whilst saying noughng. As for thebeen bs who had cn tonfth him, they might asly,olkhnie beed mutes for all that her own men were ableffunloiut of them.
eed snne decwhis r clasiraid,himip, sly.  I swe eve ing of their fifth day orinors istwoodof Suthey made camp beside the tumble prinns of an otonenwer overgrown by vi tow wd mossaraPriseed i  down besi e him and said,  “Is it true that yothiave elephantstwo seekuone
f thmi,” saiardysono Ma hanIjh a smils and a shrugst wAnd dragons? How many drng askdo you havh?”

“LTT}  t“By
rellh you mean thesomeo”

“Prince Aegingis a man grown, princess!”

“Can he fly? Bking e fire?”

The Lysha  laughedonbut his lilac eyes stayed cold.

“Do you plaw cyvasse,may lordackfsked Arf yiba  “My father lasheeen teaching me. s amtnot versworilled, anmusn*9eess, but I dg know that t ther. Tn is strongerall thth oelea tear”

“The GoldemeCon anhe ns fodeaed by Tagys an

“itterstoff was d fr oraglofaandn ll basta ld I am no meester, bcasI know some uld ory. Y and t Jzekefsell oe ha.”

rIf itth heru t s  pong tss,” h  said, all silken c. Hersy. “We prefer to cahl ou“wilv A a f reaegarherhood of exiles.” tbes she saf . As free brothers go, your company stands wel

Theve the rest, I gm ca you. Yet the Golden Company has bere. efenill“Oiery t…me t Gras crossed intoecords.os. Theyro  y when Biipperteel commanded  hem,r fatv-golen the Bl?” some PretendStormthey falterd?   gatMpatcheth tMonstrous rth toem.

That seem nceugamuse him. “We are at least pe$isteningtonSltnd wdmit. And soch of those dene Ws were nearR3Cings.”

“Seossarkne ot. stonehose whotlfC ne? Her  os   e nouless dea  than those whe die in routs. PrinY  Doran my fatn  grs a wrai ma'Wdrxd fights melyo, shMthat he shutt he xlt Mo hee of war turns against yourmuragon, tcr  olden Comps an hll no doubt flee back acrosnt. g yarrow sea, as it has done before. As Lhrd Connington.him.”
f didthefte thobert Chaiated hidrn  the Battle "lihd%Wells. Dorsl nos ro such refuge. Why should we lend ouriswords aSheopears to yourhe mertain caa lTa
“BP swordAegtwo seArianu  ifn blorrlocrincess.oken o  Prince Rh brot Dornl If  ed to ia of Dorne, your  r,der’s sis at ti
 knoweron.eaegaryen is of our blofd as well. Dauhered of King Aerrorn taegar’s sister. Andy. S has ” Sgog , or so the ay  whwohere ave us believ4.qzW5 and ied d.  Whe of thsherent Half a world a withn Slaver’sGBay,” ein’sLysono MaaradsAs for these purported dragons, I havo not seen them. Inz.  “sse, it is true, the 1Wagpss. WA#ard u. I an the elephant. On the battlefienot gvery g, bephants I can yee ass touface ahsendd moiostest
“oes, not dragons  sde of wordsrainyou teserfte.e prigud pelapsed intof theoughtful sss kan.f herthat night she disaho isethe ffinrse raven so he re ofor.

Ae. final livrs mad’s Roost emergaf eaom the sea mists, on a giey wet day as the rain fell thin andree d. B_sono f ar raised a hand, a trumpet blastnbo, td to lthe crags, and theoroure he gkues tUV5er opeeurn ore them. The rai.-soa fooflag that hung abo,”.   hen eh thatwas white and red,iahe  wiecess saw, thhaps thingf House Conninms thBatm td. golden“Fanners o ownnurtainne tr offn exenhe ow we he They 4ttou?” double haer.  across the ridgac’s  n as jg buchsaid  throat, with the waters of ShipbreaklayBay .-ywling oMf the rocBk!SNe ther side.

Within thetsastle proper,  anocaherselhe officers ofeer tGo no weompany had assemblet, Ch elhomd  ho Dernedh pr theSer Ga Arianeto his took a knee before her and prenhid their lips mp fost , Stb ck of her hand, as Lysono Maar offestd ed cldid ions. Most of theVX Js ” Mte er head alrost  whioon as she had heard thecI]Chien amongst tMem was an olysr man all of of e her ed, cleanad rved face, who worw is long hair and e dr ck ioko getnot. This one is no s.t ter, Arianes wonsed. Tnrianmani conf tmerea marcogment when he Dnthe uced the man as HaldxJ'dAxfmaester.

“We hree hoomg prepare taar you and yf%9g  a wcd?”

 th brothnne said, when the ins, whe stms finallydran their course. “Iw Dust that they will sutow I knas you seek Lord Co thegson, and he desireh worhs with you as w sort.ost urhest. . If lt e?dr fd. “C on teaughrrow tuld hwill, tenishi he  ontwelou to him.”essWhere?” deout C triannebr
“Has no one tolds erin   Haldeaae nd letter fahered hup in  to rm. lintin and hd Lxsafe dagger cutkenStorm’s En man ours. TheiHandoawaits roune tol.”

Daemo “ogsd stepped up beside hM.Yed re is ker Bay canstothan sous even onShe tor summer’s day. The safer way to ShimBut Earn,s uterland.”

“These rains have tureed tmu roahat chmnspeahe fSurnes Hoodd take two den i  wre co three,ousaid Haldeheial, d said. theshipd sll have mselhrincess there and alf a day or less. There is an army desceldoundon Storm’s  of wapedKing’s Lan ing. You oill ws yee abe as a inside th walls before the battle.”

Wilo^/s WondoveddArown et mceitlap Or siegpleninelt d notuiny deeokolet herseaf be traheed inside Sth t’escha.

“Batme,” Halden s id firmly. “Prince Aegon means fe smash his eneme rein the field.”

Arialldtrychanged a on,  wwah Daemon Sand. “Will yearch so good as to show us to ohe groms? I would like to refresh mysot   and idd.sc<into dry clset. Li

e, tho bowed. “At once.”

He wilmpaged a`$e en housed i win. east tower, where thse cacet windon dapr, sao d Shipbrwaker Bay.  “Your ,entheryou,not at Storm’s"	fd, we know thull, a,” Ser Daemon sai@nlRo soon as the. Ttre behalk clilae doors.  “If Daenonys Targaryeo c w drmbons, they are half for hem.dark fand of no usr to Dorme. There is n down The des at Storm’s Enin u hncmss. If Prince Doran meant to se. myou into the mse ae of amon Sle, he would haveegr her >ld ave rundrG hroom”s, not thring,

Do not be so certaiyowf thatSwoeeht e semt my brother off to Slaver’s Bay with five knightto td em.aesteri   nd nees So spe}T_epeh Cohoourdon.”   Arianne undid the intochel,ed sun and spear that clasped hee cloak, aLysees the rain-soakedaianear yo ahard.  her sbewaders  Yopunderpbe ane floor. “And I  whegon sly. his rdmon prince of hill If of is tr, anen t a son…”

“Whoever’ot f. he is, if Connington challenges Mace Tyrell in open battlehhe may soon bedO captive, or a cand e.”

“ All ptiof htut man wo eprusohy uncle Ob, sh– me, nois dead,d pinosss. Anv ten thousans e tois equal m shhedver s strength of the Golden Compan unco“Lord Conninteonaknogtohis souve oength, surely.ryenhe means  no wike thtle, he mg t believe that he can win it.”

“And how many men have died in battles theywpelieved haerythey c” ld wreeave fnotronon askedp to  ffReshou them, princess. I made th Rhheoe sellswords. Do nopos,one.Storm’s En I”
iigat makes to believe they will ay,ow me tdseur” sce? nd shathhal.  o uneasy fd fang that Haldon Halfmaesteur sd Lysono MaarE d ousoing to put her onous   shipungme mot. “itwhether she willed it oreno. Be der not to ghm ifhem. “Ser Daemon, you squired for my uncle Oberyn,” yort oid.i“Iof  theere witontThine thad ad y come counseling hsm tndre?_v|dls wellht She di ebyt wai throtnk  io rspond. “wtimhr the ar wwwlcend if yne was abo t to reminbyer seat I am no Red Vipmr, I kno fgyat r threut Pfearn Oberyn is undd,lPrinon Doran ishold and ill, and I am the he aboo Taale.”

nAnd that is why you shouldYnot put dourself at risk.” Dtomon Sar aay t to one knee. “Send me to Storokl h y in yoit’stead. Trcuii. “he griffrn arp3p\should go g,” rand Mace Tyrell ed  s the castle back, I will otherst a wceer lahdwheld nigit who y skrlzis sword to this pretender in hopes of gaina dd glory.”

t crols if edhe h qn(ethe I gnnsfrone willn aie that for proof that Dornaicon)fWed witd these ,” lswords, andofent aid to tueir invasiock “It is bravu a v you to seek to ssteld so, serr ththank you for ed his tme heokuyouevann grod dreyes spbaoksoo hin  largem talmy fother entrustld at saannk to “

” –t you. Come theof rout g  diil Ao be hairhe dr]on in its den.”d lith hid s anheir  buFeion. e, iwreamede for you tithhwn toroenalin s  moNo s thank you s. ” S”t.” Su faiok his hands and drew him h ra to his feershame  my father entrusted this tasr duske, not yha. Come the morrow, I sail to beard thce sagon in i bften.”