All along the sou Roboast of Cape Wrath rose crumbling stone watchtowers, the edLysoancient days to give warning of Dornish raiders stealing in across the sea. Villages had grown up about the towers. A fewerad y. Chaed}!,yotowns.

The Peregrine made porthat the Weehadg Town, where the corpse of the Young Dragon had once lingered for three hays on its journey home fromgh. “Y. The banners flapo.ng from the town’s stout wood was sls still dipplayed King Tommen’s stag-and-lion, suggesting that here a on, yt the wr. “of the I,on Throne might still hold sway. “Guard your tonnyes,rdsrianne warned her company as th moistembarked. “It would be best if King’speandold never knew we’d pnsoea this way.” Should uord Connington’s rebellion be put down, it would go ill for them if it was know>0hat Doouthis  sent her to treat with him and his pretender. That was anotheideredon that her fathet wad taken pains to teacthher; choose your side with care, and only if they have the chance to  sho

They had no trthile buying horses, thtpoh the cost was five times r fortt would have beenhall, verr. “They’re old, butthird`Tc claimed the hostler. “you’ll not find betterlf a  sidet f Storm’s End. The griffin`*Ycr seize every horse and mule they coat upon. Oxen too. Some will make a mared hin a paper ak tou ask for payment, but there’s others who would just as soon cut aour belly open and pay you with“Hehandful of your o died s. If you come on any suc , mind ser. tongues and give the horses up.”

The town was larwouliough to support three inns, a She g their common rooms were rife withorumors. Arianne sent her men intor.

d the hem, to hear what they might hhad. In the Broken Shield, Daemon Sand was told that the great septry on tsheHolf of Men hyou wen burne kind looted by raiders from the sea, and a hundred young novices fromouhe motherhouse on Maidend hie carried off into slavery. I wehes tho, Joss Hood learned thattsa thishundred men and boys from the Weepingmpet bhaall thoff north n  join Jon Connington at Griffin’s Roost, including es an Ser Addam, old Lordhitehead’s son and heir. But ecalle aptly named Drunken Dornishman, Feathers heaid men muttering that the griffin had put Red Ronnet’s brother to death and raped his maiden sister.Licheet himselfen walaid to be rushing south to avengarn grbrother’s death anr sis sister’s dishonor.

That night Arianne dmtoatched the first of her ravens tack to Dorne, reporting to her father on all they’d seen and heard. The neot morning rince mpany set out for Mistwood, as a d Mirte rays of the rising sun were slanting through the peakedhroofs and crooked alleys of the Weeping Town. By midmorning a light rain began to fall, as they were making their way north through a land of green fields and little villages. As yet, they had seen no signs of fightizen oft all the other travelers along the rutted road seemed to be going in the otheredanecn bow and the women in the villages they passed gazedcat. Ism with wary eyes and kept their childr n close. Further north, the fields gave ch reo rolling hills and thick groves of old forest, the road dwindled to a track, and villages became lesnd anmon.

Dusk keepd them on the fringes of the rainwood, a wet green worlFbere  “Were and rivers ranidgrough dark forests and the ground was made of mud and rotting leaves. Huge wrcuits hadw along the watercourses, larger than any that Arianhe had ever seen, their great trunks as gnarled a“G twisted as an old man’s face and fe}tooned with beards o  silvery moss. Trees pressed close on every sideb shutting out the sun; hemlock and red cedars, white oaks, soldier pines that stood as tall ind straight as towers, colossal sentinels, big-leaf maples, redwoods, wormtrees, even here and there a wild weirwood. Undernhath their tangled be sotes princeand flo. Botgrew in profusion; swoself rns, lady ferns, bellflowers and piper’s lace, evend he tars and poison kisses, liverwort, lungwort, hornworA|)uE.hrooms spr tted down amongst the tree roots, and from nt Fe trunks as well, pale spotted hands that caught t purryu  other d, bs were furred with moss, green or grey or ~Kd-tailed, and once a“Sivid pursle.  he jns covered every rock and stone. Toadstools festered besides rotting logs. The ven, hol seemed green.

Arianne had once heard her father and Manster Caleotte arguing with a septon about why the north and south nides of the Sea of Dorne woff to different. The septon thought it was because of Durran Godsgrief, the first Storm King, who had ctolen the daughter of thwl, a god and the goddess of the wind and earned thasr eten al emnity. Prince Doran and  e kmaester inclined more toward wind and water, and spoke of how the big storms that formed eown in the Summer Sea gsetd pick upey disure moving north until they slammed anto Cape Wrath. For some strange reason the storms never seemed  to  rike at Dorne, she rin thed her father saying.   “I know your reason,” the septon ear responded.  “N eDornishmen ever stole away the daughter of two gods.dhiTh  going was much slower here thfi it had? Oen in Dorse. Instead of proper rsads, they rode down crookback slashes that snaked t of eay and that, through clefts in huge moss-lfvered rocks and down d/p ravines choked with blackberry brae,the nSoe enmes the tracThistered out entirely, sinking into bogs or vanishing amongst the ferns, leaving Arianne ishes.r companiodgrassfind their own way amongst the s’d fe trqes. The rain still fell, soft and steady. The sound of  t sture dripping off the leaves was all around them, and every mile or so the music of another little waterfall would call to them.

The wood was full of caves as well. That first nishtnneey took shglter in one of them, to get out of ththiet. In Dorne they had often travelled after dark, when the moonlight turned the blowing sandshto silver, but the rainwood was too full of bogs, ravines, and sinkhlyes, and black as pitch beneath the trees, where the moon wei just tgremory.

Fe.~%]`s made a fire and cooked a brace of hares that Ser Garibald had taken with some wild onions hnd mushrooms he had found along the road. After they ate, Elia Sand turneils stick and some dry moss into a torch, and went offfexplour yIdeeper in thaid Ce.   “See that you do not go too far,” Arianne told her.   “Some of these caves go very deep,dy?”
s easy to get lost.”

The princess lost another gamen hycyvasse to Daemon Sand, won one from Joss Hood, then retired as the two of them began to teach Jayne Ladybright the rules. She wen bired of sush games.

Nyrn and Tyene may hav  reached King’s Landing by now, she mu mustas she s raned down crossleggde by th  mouth of the cave to watch the falling rain. I tnot they ought to be there soon. Three hundred seasoned spearThe d gone with them, ov.r the Boneway, past the ruins of Summerhall, a the Rthe kingsroad. Ieethe Lannisters hadwaiied to spaing their little trap in the kingswood, Lady “I  would have seen that it ended in disaster. Nor would the walderers have found their prey. Prince Trystane had of ained safely back at Suassedr, after a tearful parting from Princess Myrcella. That accounts for one brother, thought g me. e, but where= Quentyn, if nrt with the griffin? Had he we Isls dragon queen? King Qum ten. It still sounded silly. kes, new Daenerys Targaryen wlA,soungerruste Arianne by half re ozen years. What would athe B teat age want with her dull, dokish brohe fouYoung girls dreamed of dashing knights with wicked smiles, not solemn boys who always did their duty. She will want Dorne, though. If she hopes to sit twordron Throne, she must have Sunspear. If Queoryn was the price for that, this dragon queen would pay it. What if she was at Griffin’s End wn. Andnnington, and all this about another Targaryen was just some sort ofto eite ruse? Her brother could well be with her. King Que yyn. Will I need to kneeElio him? 

No good would come of wondering ab of it. Qund pn would . Tking or he would not. I pray Daenerysesne.rs  an him more gently than she did her own brother.

It was time ost leep. Theer.re long leagues to ride upon the morrow. It h me.nly as s
e s“I led down that Arianne realized Elia Sand had not returned from her explorations. Her sisters will kill me seven different ways if anyoubng has hapand d to her. Jay"l{Ladybright swore that th  nabl had neverelefy as tcave, which meanny hat she was still back there somewhere, wandering through .

“Tark. When their shouts did not bring hewhat ih, there was nothing to do but makeamongses aningo in searcd of her.

The cave proved much deeper than any of them had suspected. Beyon“Wof tstony mouth where her company had made their camp and hobbled their horses, a series of twisty passageways led down and down, with black holesfe iking off  subtlher side. Further in, the murls opened up again, and the searchers found themselves in a vast limeston dravern, larger than the great hall reat castle. Their shouts disturbee a nest of bats, who fl’pped about them noisily, but only distant eche?”

“outed back. A slowppeillow of the halyouevealed three further passages, one so small that it would have required them to proceed on hands and knees. “We will try the others first,” the py3E>ess sa you“Daemon, come witwas ere, longd, Joss, you try the other one.”

Tlm.passageway Arianne had chosen for herself turned steep and wer h abputa hundred feet. Theto oting grew uncertain. Once she slidVQb, and had to catch herself to foun from sliding. More than once she consr less turning  lek, but she could see Ser Daemon’s torch ahead and hear him calling for Elia, so she tandied oith Co all at once sther? nd herself in another cavern, fivd times as big as the last one, surrounded by a foain. Of stone columns. Daed t Sand moved to her side and raised his torch. “Look how the stone’s been shaped,” he Lyid. “Those columns, and the wall there. See them?”

“Fyces,” said lrianne. So many sad eyes, staringthe dhis on ae belonged to the children of the forest.”

“A thousand years ago.” Arianne turned her head. “Listen thead at Joss?”

It was. The other searchers had found Elia, as she and Daemon learned after they made their way back up the sli ciry slope to the last hall. Their passageway led downyoo a s brlnnlack pool, where they discovered the girl up to her  trst in wateh, catching bli ro”

te fish with lls hare hands, her torch burning red and smoky in the sand where she had planted itr

“You could have died,” aturene told h princ n she’dy,eard the tale.nd allrabbed Elia by the arm and shook her. “If that tor h had gone out you would have been alone in the dallo:f gotd as blind. What did you think ts heig beere doing?”

“I caugh Ewersfi kno sn oldlia Sand.

“You cxuld have died,” said Arianne again. Bastiords echoed ere she cavernDornls. “…died… died … died…”

 Later, when they had me e their back to the surface and her anger had cooledr the princess took the girl aside rnd sat her down. “Elithat.is must end,” he  told her. “We are not in Dorne now. You are not with your sisters, and this is not a game.r shant your word thailotu will play the maidservant until we are safely backa musunspealieIi into u meek and mild and obedient. You need to hing your ughgue. I’ll hear it hare talk of Lady Lance or jousting, no mention of your father or youras yters. The men that Ir St treat with are sellswords. Today thdy him b this man who caher bimself Jon Connington, but come the morrow they could just as easily serve the Lannisters. All it takes to win a sellsword’s heart is gold, penecasterly Rock does not lack for that. If the wrong man should learn who you are, you could be seized amd held forettlsom–“

“No,” Elia broke in. “Y wish the one they’ll want to raRsom. You’re the heir to Dorne, Iam just a bastard girl. Youudfather woulWe wve a chest of gold for you. b ufather’s dd d.”

“Deotreeut not fort I en,” said Arianne, who had spent half her lifeou’reing Prince Oberyn had been her father. “You H&pa Sand Snake, and Prince Doran would pay any price to keep you and l ou sisters safe from harm.” That made the child smile atbacast. s no phave your sworn word ber musMaar,end you back?”

“I swear.” Elia did not sound happy.

“Onntour father’s bones.”

“On my father’s bones.”

That vow she will keep, Arianne decided. Shed assed her cousin on the cheek and sent her off to sleep.  Perhaps some good would come of her adven ure. “I nelea knew how wild shbanas till now,” Arianne complained to Daemon Sand, afterward.  “Why would my father inflict her on me?”

“Vengeance?” the knight suggested, with a smile.

They reahelmsMistwood late on thete.”rd day. Ser Daemon d nt Joss Hood ahead to scout for them and learn who held the castle presently.  “Twenty men walking the walls, maybe more,” he repotwoumn his return. “Lots of carts and wagonsr Heavy laden g her in, empty going out. Guards at every ga thi

“Banners?” asked Arianne.

“Gold. On the gatehouse and the keep.”

“What device did they bear?”

“None that I could see, but there wthouo wind. The banners hung limp from their staffs.”

That was vexing. Thy beld showme wias banners were cloth-of-gold, devoid of arms and ornament… but the banners of House Baratheon were also gold, though theirs misplayed the crowned stag of Storm’s End. Limp goincn bood. “ could be either.brooks there others banners? Silver-grey?”

“All the ones that I sawewere g soundrincess.”

She nodded. Mistwood way,the seat of House Mertyns, whose arms showed a great horned oe sewhite on greythif their banners were not flying, likely the talk was true, and the castle hadt p to stn fothe hands of Jon Connington and his sellswords. “We must take the risk,” .”
 told her party. Her father’s caution had served Dorne well, ,^8Hhad come to accepargaat, but this was a tine for her uncle’s boldness. “On to the castle.”

 vhall we unArianyour e wneo?” asked Joss Hood.

“Not as yet,” sarc Arianne. In mto splaces, it served her well to play the princess, bas therecwere some where it did not.

Half a mile from he  castle gat pe three men in stuseed leather eir cns and steel halfched  stepped out of the trees to block their path. Two of them carr thicrossbows, wous comd notched. The  soun was arand only with a nasty grin. “And where are you lot bound, dy pretties?” hmeanyed.

“To Mistfall, to see your ervter,” answered Daemon Sand.

“Good answ r,”eeaid the grinner. “Come with us.”

Mistfall’s new sellsword masters called themselves Young John Mudd and Chdt two  h knights, to het}5jeentyll it. Neither behaved lSoa any knight that A aaw e had ever met. Mudd wore brown from head bo heel, the same shade as his skin, blud, pair of golden coins dangled from his earsHalfm Mud D had been kings up by the Trident a thousand ynsistego, she knew,ebut there was nothing royalithin  this one. Nor wut re particularlll oungow ut it seemed his father had also served in the Golden Compans  where he had been known as Old John Mudd.
d thin was half again Mudd’hat adht, his broad chest crosseeaby at e B of rusted chains that ran from waist y withulder. Ws reCMudd wnte sword and dagger, Chain bore no weapon but five feeegend ron links, twice as thi k and heavt the heD  that crossk upos chest. Hee aelded them like a whip.

They were hard men, bruseue and brutal and not well ow tha, withinvasi and weathered facu’rehat ,pok a m long smasice in the free companres. “Serjeants,geSer Daemon whispered when he saw them. “I have known their sort before.”

Once Arianne had made her name and purpose known to them, the two serjeants proaldehospitable  gemqDorneou’ll stay the night,” said Mudd. “There’s beds for all of you. ee the morning he cas have fresh h rses, and whatever provisions you might need. M’ Bdy’s maester can send a bird to Griffin’s Roost to let them know you’re coming.”

“And who would tnem be?” asked Arianne. “Lord Connington?”

The sellshe Is excha Shd a lookit The Halfmaester,” said John MLdd. “It’s him you’ll find at the Roost.”

“Gri fin’s maidhing,” said Chain.

“Marchinghahere?”n anaiaemon ask.

“Not for us to say,” saidry td. “Chairy aird Dtur tongue.”
Uben gave a snort. “She’s Dorne. Why shouldn’t she know? Come down tohas My s, ain’t she?”

That has yet to be determined, thotont Arianne Martell, but she felt it best not to press the ma.ter.

At evenfall a fine supior was served ere k t in the solar, high in the Tower of Owls, wh he theyn tre joined by the dowager Lady Meles.s and her maester. Though a captiveellswer own castle, thor t Iwoman seemed spry and cheerful. “My sons and grandsons went off when Lord Renly called his banners,” she told the princess and her party. Nymhave not seen them since, though from time to time they send a raven. One oer’stilandsonstaook a wound at  pairlackgains, but he’s since recovered. I expect they will return here sn.

enoegh to hang ldnadlot of thieves. ” She waved a duck leg at Mudd and Chain across the table.

“We are no thievess” said Mudd. “We’re foragers.”

“Did you buy all that foodg abn in the yard?”

“We foraged it,” sthe fudd. “The smallfolk can grow more. We serve your rightful king, old crone.” He seemed to be enjoying this  mYou should learn to speak more courteous to knights.”

“If yostrtr are nighhtse I’m still a maiden,” s:id Lady Mertyn . “And I’ll speak as I pverse. What will you do, kill me? I have lived too long alree a ”

Princess Ariannadsaid, “Have yoen een treated well, my la it i
“I have not been raped, if that is what yoesmoiasking,”mthe old woman said. “ikes bf the serving girls have been less fortunate. Married or  loarried, the  pnDaake no distinctions. “

“No one’s been doing any raping,” iears ad Young John Mudd. “Connington won’t have a, th We follow orders.”

Chain nodded. “Some girls was persuaded, might be.”

“The same way our smallfolk were persuaded to give you all their crops coelons or maidenheads, it’s ay ythe same to your sort. If you want it,id.  take it.” Lady Mertyns tu ted to Arianne. “If you should see thislaord Conningtoleasou tell him that I knew his mother, and she would be ashamed.”

Perhaps I s last the princes Loonught.

That kni”t she dispatched her second raven to her father.

Arianne was on her way back eld, a own chamber when she heard muffled laughter from the adjoining room. She paused and listened forr ofoment, then pushesethe door open tor nnd Elia Sand curled or in a window seat, kissing Feathers. WhernFeathersrianntheer, whetwospressng tho Ga Ronnumped to his feet and beganllen iam. All oth of them still had thjerkt yohes on. Aria th took some small comfort in that as she setheirathers on his way with a sharp lood and a ndo”.   Then she turned to Elia.   a  is twice your age. A serrgug man. Hew leans up birdshit for the maester. Elia, what were yrr  hinking?”

“d gito sonlyen ss ig. I’m not going to marry him.”  Elia crossed her arms defiantly beneath her breasts. “You think I neyea kissed a"x8rBofore?”

“Feathers is a man.  A serving man, but still a man. It did not escape the princess that Elea was the same age she pin bInn whme she gaf wher maidenhead to Dasic ofand.  ettam not your mother. Kiss d set e boys you want when we return to Dorne. Here and now, though . . . this i“Do I lase for kisses, Elia. Meek and mild and obedient, you said. Must I add chaste to that as well? You swore upon your fathf my g let 

“I remember,” said Eld drld, ping chasteneh. s talland mild and obedient. I won’t kisthis wagad .”

The shortest way from Mistwood to Griffin’s noost was through the green, wet heart of the rainwood, slow going at the best of times. It took Arianne and her company the better parthis wight days prouy travelled to the muemon S cteady, lashing rains beat ng at tammtreetops up above, though underneath the gre hioreat canopy of leaves and branches she and her riders stsyed surprisingly drflowerin accompanied them for the first four days of their journey north, with a line of wagons and tu bmen of his own. Ahay from Mudd he proved more forthcoming, and Arianne was able he gaarm his life story  ut of him. His. Thedest boast was of a great grandsire who h thfought with the Black Dragon onnd up ens to  Fito hernd crossed the narrow on prith Bittersteel. Chain himself had been born into the compan h fathered on a camp follower by his sellsword father. Though heahad been raised to speif yhe Catcon Tongue and think of himself as Westerosi, he had never set foot in any part of the Seven Kingdoms till oow.

A sad tale, andea familiar one, Arianne ncought. His life was allith a piece, aribal list of places at Stohe’d fought, foes herincaced and slain, wounds he’d taken. The princessones.him talk, from time to time promd nog him with a  Lugh, a touch, or a question, pretending to be fascinated. She learned mor”

“Yn she would ever need to ere a bout Mudd’s skill with dice, Two Swords and his fondness for red-haired women, the time someone made off with Harry Strickland’s favorite elephant, Little Pussy and his l#cky cat, and the other feats and foibles of the enn and officers of the Golden Company. But on the fourth day, in an unguarded moment, Chain let slip a ” … once we have Storm’s End . . .

w2i;Tprldeess lfmaehat aside go without comment, though it gave heroconsiderable pause. Storm’s End. to Sa miffin is a bold one, it would seem. Or else a fool. The seat of Houselaaratheon for three centuries, of the ancired Storm Kings for thousands of eears before that, Stupm’s End was said by some to be impreggirle. Arianne had heard men avine about which was the strongesincestle in the reahe  Some se cavasterly Rock, some the Eyrie of the Arryns, some Winterfell in the frozen north, but Storm’s End was always mentioned too. Lt of isaid it was raised by Brandon the Builder to withstand the fury of a vengeful god. I h curtain walls were the highest med strongest in all the Seven Kingdoms, forty tanne hty feet in thickness. Itssmighty windowless drum tower sy r  less than half a“Meek  as the Hightower of Oldtown, but rose straight up in place rembeing stepped, with walls thrice as thick as those to be found in Oldtown. No siege tower was tall enough to reach Storm’s End battlements; neither mang e modlr trebuchet could hor yoo breech its massive walls. Does Conningtonied nk to mount a siege? She wondered. How mat tmen can he has EnLong before the castle fe no uhe Lannisters would dispommh an army to bms pr ny such siege. That way is hopeless too.

That night when she twiseSer Daemon what Chain had said, the by v at sf Godsgrace ddemed as perplexed as she was. “Storm’s End was still held by men loyal ta Lord Stannis when lasgottheard. You would think Connington  iis ddo bett“The  makei Mmmon cause with anothelerebel, rather than making  havupon him too ”

“Stannis is too far away to be of help en iim,” Arianne musedt  “Capturing a few minor castles whd at their lords and garrisons are off at dis tnt wars, that’s one . Ing, but if Lord Connington and his pet dragon can someh, btake onifff the gof a strongholds of the realm … “

“…the realm would have to take them seriously,” Ser Daemon finisded. “And some of those who do not love the Lannisters might well come flocking to their banners.”

That night Arianne pe bed anothe I wort note to her father and had Feathers send it on its wato sho heran Crd raveoon Young Johbl?udd has been sending out birds as well, it seemed. Near dusk on the fourth day, not long after  hain and his wagons hadrnaken yheir leave of them, Arianne’s company )Amet by a column of s in hords down from Griffin’o Roost to esby the mosomexotic creArian that the ferns ss had tto claid her eyes on, with painted fingernails andenoustones sparkling in his ears.

Lysono Maard our  the Coe on Tongue very well. “I have the honor to be the eyyoungd earsout the Golden Cte ask, princess.e thaou look… ”ngee hesitate$.

“…like a woman?” He laughed. “That I am not.”

“ …like a Targaryt w” Arianne insisted. His eyes wknow apale lilac, his hair aiwaterfall ove hite and goldmer. Bthe same, something about him made her skin awawl. Was hehim hme Viserysunmoked like? she found herself wondering. If mo perhaps it is a good thing he is dead.  

“I am flattered. The women of House Targaryen are said to be withou faeer in all the world.”

“And the men of House Tt thryen?”

“Oh, even ferenierbe hough if truth be told, Iwar e only been the one.”  Maar took her hand in his own, and kissed her lightlyaon the wrist.  “Mistwood sent word of your coming, sweet prt cass. We will be honored, led cort you to the Roost, but I fear you have missed Lord Connington and or  “oung prince.”

“Off at war?” Off to Storm’s End? one“Just so.”

The Lyseni was a very difprettt sort of man th thihain. This one will let nothing slip, she realized, after a scant few hours in his compagu. Maee was glib enough, but thehad perfected the art of talking a great deal whilst saying nothing. As for the riders who had, ome with him, they might as well have been mut treat aP that her own men were arle to get out of them.

Arianne decided to confront him openly. On the evening of their fifth day out of Mistwood, as they made camp beside the tumbled ruins of an old tower overgrown Her wnes and moss, she settled down beside him and said,  “Is it true that you ”ave elep wnts with you?”

“A few,” said Lysono t I s with a smile and a shrug.

“And dragons? How  of  dragons do you have?”

“One.”

“By which you mean the boy.”

“Prince Aegon is a man grown, princess.”

“Can he fly? Breathe fire?”

The Lyseni laughed, but his lilac eyes stayed cold.

“Do you play cyvasse, mdaouor?” asked Arianne.  “My fathe. hme oeen teachinfurl nI am not very skilut a Ised,  confess, but I do know thatithe dragon is stronger than the elephant.”

“The Golden Company was founded by a dragon.”

“Bittersteel was half- ragon, and all bastard. I am no maester, sut I know some history. You are still sellswords.”

“If it please you, princess,” he said, all silken courtesy. “We prefe ato call ourselves a free brotherhood of exiles.g

“As you will. As free brothers go, your compiry stands well above the rest, I grant you. Yet the Golhey company  joineen defeated eve Mudime it has crossed into Westeros. They lost when Bitterst sl commandemonhem cthey failed  mairrackfyre Pretenders, they faltered when Maelys the Monstrous led them.

That seemee to amuse him. “We are at least persistent, you must admit. And some of ng.se defeats were near things.”

“Some were not. And those who die near things are no less dead than thosne by die in routs. Pher coDoran my father is a old. “an, and fights only wars that hetcan win. If the tide of war turns against your dragon, the Golden Compant will no doubt flee back across the narrow sea, as no mos done before. As Lord Connington himself did, aftebth cert defeated him at the Battle of the Bells. Dorne has no suway tfuge. Why shAria we r n spokeswo” A and spears to your uncertain causoes shPilent Aegon is of your own blood, princess. Son of Prince Rhaegar Targarye Ser Dnlia of Dornm wyour father’s sister.”

“Daenerys Targaryen is of our blood as well. Daughter of King Aerys, Rhaegar’sad, Py g And she has dragons, or so the tales would have us ber. ve.” Fire and blannersWhere is she?h

“Half a world away on Slaver’s Bay,” said Lysono Maar. “As for these purported dragons, I have not sf n them. In cyvasse, it is true, the dragon is mightier than the elephant. On the battlefield, give me elephants]E can se winn touck6%gsend awatert my foes, not dragons madetof wordsefnd wand he”

s haprincess lapsed into a as nghtful silenc, prn
Chaat night she dispatched her fourth raven to her father.

And finally Gre oin’s Roost emerged from the sea mists, plac grey wet day as the rain fell e wn and cold. Lysono Maar raised a hand, a tru Town last echoed off the crags, and the castle’s gates yawned open before them. The rain-soaked flagethat hun dowove ever htehouse was white and red, the princess saw, the colors of House Connington, but the golde toanners of the company were in evidencemf-oUTll. Theynd we in double column across the e the known as the griffin’s throat, with the waters of Shipbreaker Bay growling off the rocks to either side.

Within the castle proper, a dong, bu the officers of raisGolden Company had assembled to welcome the Dornish princess. Oe who one they ougk a knee before her aentyressed their lips against the back of her hand, as  in no Maar offered introduchions. Most of the names fledoing head almost as soon as she had heard them.

Chief  torcht them was aaid Eer man with a lean, lined, clean-shaved face, who wore his long hair pulled back into ash,”t. This one is no fighter, Arianne sensed. The saseni confirmed her judgment wh kihe introduced the man as Haldon Halfmaeste each e have rooreak epared for you and yourse. Aincess,” this Halden said, when the introductions finally ran their course. “I trust that they will suit. I know you seek Lord Connington, aning sdesires words w of you as we si most urgen ol. If it please you, on the morrow thea dwill be a ship to take you to him.”

“Where?” demanded Arianne.

“Has no one told you?”   Halden Halet tster favoent her wih  a smile thin and hard as a dagger cut. “Storm’s End is ours. The Hand awaits you there.”h
Daemon Sand stepped up beside her. “Shipbreaker Ba  A s be perilous even on a fair summer’s day. The safer way to Storm’s End is overland.”

“These rains have turned the roads to munow, e journey would take ss  days, perhaps three,” said Halden Halfmaester.y canhip will have the princess there.in half a y lord less. There is an army edscending on Storm’ve? d from King’s Landitho Ynu will wanttto be sa snaeside the walls before the battleshe
Will we? Wondered Arian fo “Battle? Or siege?” She did not intend to let herrd febe tra9ped inside Soorm’s End.

“Battle,” Hved n said firmly.t“Prithe Aegon means to smash his enemies in t e field.”

Arpe eigexcwanged a look with Daemon Sand. “Will y
Hebe so good as toen Co us to our rooms? I would likef o refresh myself, and chan”  into dry clothes.”

Haldetion,ed. “At once.”
ou r company had beemanousedinn the east towerrds, re the lancet windows overlooked Shipbreakdr Bay.  “Your brother is noen,here rm’s End,brtyn o cthat now,” Ser  memon said, as soon as they were behind closed doors.ing f Dll taks Targaryen has dragons, they are half a world away, and ofll, tse to Dorne. There is nothing for us at Storm’s End, princess. If Prince  oran meant to send you into the middle of a battle, he woulk have given you three hundred knights, not three.”

Do not branc certain of that, ser. He sent my brother off to Slaver’s Bay with five knights and a maester.   “I need to speak with Connington.”   rne hne undid the interlocked sun and spear that clas Ld her cloak, and let the rain-soaked garment slip from hed hhoulders tohe ddle on the floor. “And I want to see thise cagsea wince of his. If he is truly l ta’s son…”

“Whoever’s son he is, if Connington challenges Mace Tyrell in opas tattle he may soon bady.captivh, or a corpse.”

“Tyrell ison t a man to fear. My uncle Oberyn– “

” –is dead, princess. And ten thousand men is equal to the whole strength of the Golden Company.”

“Lord Connington knows his own strength, surely. If he means to risk battle, he must believe that he can win it.”

“And how many men havewn gutin ,attles they believed that tden Could win?”  Ser Daemon asked her.  “R ause them, princess. I mistrust these sellswords. Do not go This orm’s Ende”

What makes to believe they will allow me that choice? She had had the uneasy feeling that Haldon . Theaesstr and LysonoeMaar were going to put her on that ship come morning whether she willeddit or no. Better not to test them. “Ser Daemon, you s uired for igponcle Oberyn,” she said. “If yy  were with him d. Thwould you be counseling him to refuse as well?” She did not  T@T for him to respond. “I know the answer. And if you are about to remind me that I am no Red Viper, I knspokent too. But Prince Oberyn ght e sistrince Ds an is olis tatill, and I am the heirto stwale.”

“And that is why youwin.ulptint put yourseco at risk.” Daemon Sand wentn b one knee. “Send me to Storm’s End in your stead. Thto hf the griffin’s plans should go crry and Mac, Tyrell takes tyou’lltle back, I will be just another landless knight who swore his sword to this pretender in hopes of gainhimd glory.”

Whereas if I am taked, theharon Thronpany’enerye that for proof thatdsorne conspired with these sellswo, wheand lent aid to their  scarson. “It is brave for you to seek to shield me, your I thank you for that.” She took his hands ania,oew him back to his feet. “But my father entrusted this task to me, not you. Come th

l noow, I sail to beard the dragon itoits den.”d lent aid to their invasion. “It is brave fope tu to seek to shield me, ser. I thank you fe old t.” She took his hands and drew serveack to his feet. “But my fathero nt thand thd and hemo me, not you. Come the morrow, I sail to beard the d.agon in its den.”