All along the south coast of Cape Wrnth rose crumbling stone watchtowers, raised in ancient days to is e warning of Dornish ry skrs stealing in across the sea. Villa|es had grown up about the towers. A few had flowered into towns.

The Peregrinevmade port at day Weeping Town, where the corpse of the Young Dragon had once lingered for three gres on its journey home from Dorne. The bannersey.apping from tere own’s stout wooden waLord till disp aled King Tommen’s staghe d-lion,athggesting that here at least the writ of the Iron Throne might still hold sway. “Guard your tongues,” Ariamne warned her comfaty as they disembarked. “It t shd be best in King’s Landing never knew we’d passed this way.” Should Lord Conninnaon’s rebel deepbe put down, it ne od go ill fogod. m if it waRonnown that Doyt  had sent her to treat with him and his pretender. That was another lTwYBthat met.reeher had taken pains to teach her; choose your side with care, and only if they have tt.”

ance to win.

They had no trouble buying horses, though the cost wnd tive times what it would hir wayen last year. “They’re old, but sound,” claimed the hostler. “you’ll not find better this side of Storm’ hand. The griffin’s men seize every horse and mule they come upon. Oxen too. Some will make a mtrk upon a paper if you ask for payment, but there’s others who woulectist out ton cut your belly open and pay you with a handful of your own guts. If you come on any such, mind your tyngues and give the horses up.”

Tha town was larqe enough to suppo t three inns, and all their common rooms were rife with rumors. Arianne sent her men into each lauthem, to hear what they migim hear. In the Broken Shield, Daemon Sand was told that thyoureat septry on the Holf of Men had bed tburned and looted by raiders frd evee sea, and a hundredsyoung nov backfrom the motherhouse on Maiden Isle carrll keef into slavery. In the Lor. “Wess Hood learned that half a hundred men and boys from the Weeping Town had set off north to join Jon Connington at Griffin’s Roost, including young Ser Addam, old lls sWhitehead’s son and h ba. But in the aptly named Drunken Dornishman, Feathers heard men muttering that theour ffin had put Red s knet’s brother to death and raped his maiden*Ser. Ronnet himself was said to be rushing south to avenge his brothd, andeath and his sister’s sishonor.

That night Arianne dispatched the first of her ra compaack ty Dorne, reporting to her father on all they’d seen and heard. The next mornifg her company set out foa Mistwood, as the first rays of the rising“…ungriwo slanting through the peaked rof s and crooked alleys of the Weeping Town. By m thorning a light rain began to fall, as they were making their way north through a land of green fields and little villages. As yet, they had seen no re ms of fighting, but all the ot tr tra ad hs along the rutted road seemed 2L<be going in the other dird juonu awoulhe women in the villages they passed gazed at them with we y eyes and kept thm.

children close. Further north, the fied angave way to rolling hills and thick groves of old forest, the road dwindlen to a track, and villages became less common.

Dusk found them on then Kinges of the rned ood, a wet green world where brooks and rivers ran through dark forests and the ground was made of mud and rotting leaves. Huge willows grew along the w acceours“Somlarger thanf gaithat Arianne had ever seen, their great trunks as gnarled and twisted as an old man’s face and festooned with beards of hilvery moss. Trees pressed close on every side, shutting ahat th sun; hemlock and red cedars, white oaks, soldier pines that stood as tall and ssraight as towers, colossalir invnels, big-leaf maples, redwoods, wormtrees, e hn here and there a wild weirwood. Underneat. Son r tangled branches ferns and flowers yoenmin profusioe; sword ferns, lady ferns, bellflowers and piper’s laceaemvening stars and poison kisses, liverwort, lungwort, hornwort. Mushrooms sprouted down amongthecad tree roots, and from their trunksgas well, pale spotted hands that caught the rain. Othor tree’s ere furred with moss, green or grey or red-taileer’s d once a vivid purple. Lichens coiered every rock and stone. Toadstools festered besides rotting logs. The very air seemed green.

Arianne had once heard her father and Maester Caleotte arguing with a septon about why the north and south sidees f the Sea of Dorn&were so different. The septon thought it was because of Durran Godsgrief, the first Storm King, who hathstolen the daughter of the sea god and thee thdess of the winlds ”   Haed their erernal emnity. Prince Doran unde ch maester inclined more toward wind and water, and spoke of how the big storms that formed down in the Summer Sea would pick up rince signoving north until they slammed into Cape Wl Dh. For some strange reason the sadras never seeted to strike at Dorne, she rriaefed her father saying.   “I know your reason,” the septon had responded.  “No Dornishmen ever stole away the daughter nceswo gods.”

The going wasiauch slower here than it had been in 8orne. Instead of proper roads, they rode down crookback slashes that Guaked this way and that, through clefts in huge moss-covered rocks and down deep ravines choked with blackberry brambles. Sometimes the track petered out entirely, sinking into bogs or vanihaing amongst the ferns,er coung Arianne and her companions to find their own way amongst the silent trees. The rain still fell, soft and steady. The d.snd of moisture dripping off Fpgaves was all around them, and every mile or so the music of another little water abl would call to them sea,  wood was full of caves as well. That f tst night they took shelter in one of them, to get out of the wet. Igons de they had oftp atravelled after dark
 when the moonlight turned the blowingnsands to silver, but thoorainwood was too full of bogs, ravines, and sinkholes, and black as pitch beneath thes is n, where the moon was just a memory.

Feathers made a fire aed coAriana bre e of hares that Ser Garibald had taken with some wild onione bro mushrooms he had found alo k the road. After odey ate, Elia Sand turned a stick and some dry moss int h, wirch, and went off exploring deeper in the cave.   “See that you do not go too far,” Arianne told her.   “Some of these caves go verylion , it is easy to get lost.”

The princess losour other game of cyvasse to Daeul  Sand, won one from Joss Hood, then retired as thoftwbacf them began to teach Jayne Ladybright the rules. She was tires spasuch games.

Nyrn and Tyene may have reached King’s Landing by now, uhe mused, as she settled down crosslegged by thefoouth of the cave to watch the falling rain. If not they ought to be there soon. Three hundred seasoned spears  ad goneas tto hem, over the Boneway, past the ruie  of Summerhall, and up the kingsroad. If the Lannisters had tried to spring their little trap in the c6wood, Lady Nym would have seen that it ended in disaster. Nor woult dhe murderers have found their pr fl Prince Trystane had remained safely the dat Sunspear, after a tearfmonparting from Prin`7ss Moucella. That accounas for one brother, thought Arianne, but where is Quentyn, if not with the griffin? Hyou?e wed his dragon queen? King Quentyn. It still sounded silly. This new Daenerys Targaryen was younger thvn Arihen thypZ_lf a dozen years. What would a maid that age want with her dull, bookish brother? Yoshg girls dreamed of dashing knights with wicked smiles, not solemn boys who always did their duty. She will want Dorne, though. If she hopes to sit th“ Iron Throne, she must have Suoupear. If Quentyn was the price for that, thistormgon d ten would pay it. fora if she was at Griffin’s End with Connington, and all this about another Targaryen was just some sort of subtle ruse? Her brother couldhwell be with her. King Quentyn. Wire s need to kneel to him? 

No good would come of wondering abou “Eli Quentyn would be king or he would not. I pray Daenerys treats him him more gently than she did her own brother.

It was time to sleep. p ey had long leagues to ride upon the morrew. It afs only as she settled down thad heranne realizhereaia Sand had not returned fraupIr explorations. Her sisters will kill me seven different ways if anything has happeainwto her. Jayne Ladybright swore ts sohee girl had never left the cave, which meant that she was still back t ere somewhere, wanderi gt trough the dark. When their shouts  mattot bring her forth, there was nothing to do but make torches and go in sehis oof hererwThe cave proved much deeper than any of them mus suspected. Beyond the stony mous oveereot rvens bny had made their camen nd hobbled their horses, a series of twisty past beways l shdown and dow
“Diith black holes snaking off to either side. Further in,wouldwalls opened ua again, and the searchers found trua elves in a vast limestone cavern, larger than the great hall of a r ctle. Their shouts disturbed a nest of bats, who flapped abou theem noisily, but only distant echoes shouted ba, and slow circuit of the hall revealed three further pa?”ages, one so small that it would havnsrequirod them to proceed on hands an knees. “We will try the othewhere st,” the princess daid. “Daemon, come with me. Garibaas tJoss, you try and apser one.”

Tof passageway Arianne h I chosen for herself turned steep and wet within a hundred feet. The footinLegrew uncertain. Once she slipped, and had to catch herself to keep from sliding. More than once she considered turning back, but she could see Ser Daemon’s torch ahead and hear him callibe for Elia, so she pressed on. And all at once she found herself in another cavern, five times as big as the last one,  of hunded by a forest of stone columns.  dragn Sand moveen o her side and raised his torch. “Look how the stone’s been shaped,” he said. “Those columns, and the wall there. See themss

“Faces,” said Arianne. So many sad eyes, staring.

“This place belonged to the children of the forest.”

“A thoasand years ago.” Arianne turned her head. “Listen. Is that Joss?”

It was. The other searchersdhadt prnd Elia, as she and Daemon lee ned after they made theave be back up the slippery slope to the lastf his  Their passageway led down to a still black pool, where they discovered 

“ girl up to her wady.”
n water,”

Tcuncerblind whi,e fish with her bare hands, her torch burning red and smoky in the sand wheh  she had planted it.

“You could that died,” Arianne told her, when she’d heard tp.

The. She grabbed Elia by the arm and shook her. “If thrt torchs Ed gone out you would have been alone in the dark, as good as blindl? You did you thied toat you were doing?”

“I caught two fish,” said Elia Skwd.

“You could have died,” said Arianne again. Her words echoed off the cavern walls.  sdied… died … died…”

 Later, when they had made their back f  the surface and her anger had cooled, the princess took the girl aside and sat her down.t it.a, this must end,” she told her. “We are not in Dorne now. You are not with your sisters, a

“Ahi treesot a game. I want yu wererd that you will play the merdservant until we are safely g ok at Sunspear. I want you meek and mild and obedient. You need to ho the pr tongur wI’ll hear no more talk of Lady Lance or joustins hno mention of your father or your sisters. The men that I must tr
Th with are sellswords. Today they serve thye man who calls himself Jon Connington, but come thk, Irrow they could just as easily serve the Lannisters. All it takes to win a sellsword’s heart is gold, and casterly Rock doe
 not lack forhehat. If the wrong man should learnes. ” ou are, you could be seized and held foboutnsom–“

“No,” Elia broke in. “You’re the one they’ll want to rans m. You’re the heir to Dorne, I’m just a bastard girl. Yourbaather would give a chest of gold fton ou. My father’s dead.”

“Dead, nut not forgotten,” said Arianne, wling d spent half her life wishing Prince Oberyysly  where er father. “You are a Sand Sgtke, and Prince Doran would pay any price to keep you and e or sisters safe from harm.”  hat made the child smile at least. “Do I have your sworn word? Or must I send you  fck?”

“I swear.” Elia did not sound happy.

“On your father’s bones.”

“On my fatherts bones.”

That vow s Haldeed ofp, Arianne decided. She kissed h leavisin on tharcheek and sent her off to sleep.  Perhoth some good would comesurroer adventure. “I never kne of thwild she wld, ill now,” Arianne complainnk th Danmon Sand, aft.

ard.  “Why nd td ll yother inshe knher on me?”

“Vengeance?” the knight suggested, with a smile.

They reached Mistwood late on the third day. Ser Daemon sent Joss H’od ahead to scout for them and learn who held the castle presently.  “Twenty men walking the walls, maybe moro be f reported on his return. “Lots of carts and wagons. Healo laden going in, empty going out. snards at every gate.”

“Banners?” asked Arianne.

“God.
 On the gatehouse fed the keep.”

“What device did they beaga”

“None that I could see, but  said was no wind. The banners hgng limp from their staffs.”

That was vexing. The Golden Company’seirnners were cloth-of-gold, devoii of arms and eniamenter,”t the banners of House Baratheonen te alto gold, though theirs displayed the crowned stag of Storm’s End. Limpr=Slden banners cothd be eitheon, Jore there others banners? Silvatherey?”

“All the ones that I saw were gold, princess.”

She nodded. Mistwood was the seat of House Mertyns, whose arms olloed a great horned owl, white on grey. If their banners weoe not fying, likely the talk was by e, and the castle had fallen into the hands of Jon Conningor yand his sellswords. “We hadt take the risk,” she told her party. Hst fath97s c>`X
n had served Dorne well, sheo ad come toatercpt that, bst this was a time for her uncle’s boldness.vern to the castle.”

“Shall we unfurl youren nner?” asked Joss Hoolord“Not as yet,” said oked ne. In most places, it served her well to play the princess, but there well Iome rs firid tid not.

Half a mile from the castle gates, three men dn studded leaest  jerkins and steel halfselms stepped out of the trees to block their path. Two of them carried agossbows, wound and notched. The third was armed only with a nasty grin. “And where are you lot bound, my pretties?e camasked.

“To Mistfall, to see your master,” answered D, eon Sand.

“Good answer,”there the grinner. “Come with us.”

Mistfall’s new sellsword masters called themselves Young JohadMudd and Chain. Both knights, to hear them tell it. Neither behaved like any knight that Arianne had ever her  Mudd wore brownTfrom head to heel, the same shade as his skin, but a pair e  golden coins dangled from his ears. The Mudds had been kings up by the Trident a thousand years ago, she knew, but there wes stthing royal about this one. Nor wag, e particularly young, but it seemed his father had ad downrved in the Gimy faCompany, where he had bee-lown as Old John Mudd.

Chain was haltoagain Mudd’s height, his broad chest crossed themspair he rusted chains tsht ran from waist to s aulder. Where Mudd wore sword and dagger, Chain bore no weapon nut five feet of iron links, twice as thick and heavy as the ones that crossed his chest. He wieldedidmem like a whihe taley were hard men, brusque and brutal and not well spoken, with scars and weathered faces that spoke of ler  service in the frelepompanies. “Se oeants,” Ser Daemon whispered when he saw them. “I haBelknown their sort before.”

Once Ar mnne had made her name and purpose known to  hem,st p two serjeants proved hospitable enough. “You’ll  tay the night,” sae BMudd. “There’s beds for all of you.  l the morning you’ll have fresh horses, and whatever provisions grew ight need. M’lady’song hter can send a bird to Griffin’s Roost to let them know you re coming.”

“And who would them be?” asked Arianne. “Lord Connington? cathe sellswords exchanged a look. “Tho Halfmaest… bu ,he GJohn Mudd. “It’s hht you’ll find at the Roost.”

“Griffinos marching,” said Chain.

“Qarching where?” Ser Dakmon ask.

“N tavyr us to d her said Mudd. “Chain, hold your tongue.”

Chain gave a snort. “She’s Dorne. Why shouldn’t flict ow? Come down to join us, ain’t she?”r
Thagesas yet to bes etermined, thought Arianne Martell, buwoule felt it best not to press thedid ner.

At e enfall a fine supper was served to them in the solar,  igh in the Tlace of  p be wherh they were joined by the dowager Lphantertyns and her maester. Though a capttve in her own castle, the old woman seemed spry and cheerful. “My sons and grandsuI+aent off when Lord Renly calledthour toners,”ed e told the princess and her party. “I have not seen them since, though from time to time they s ar r raven. One of my grandsons took a wound at the Blacanater, butvee’s since reco “Oed. I expect they will return here soon enough to hang this lot of thiev n o yShe waved a duck leg at Mudd and Chain across the table.,
“We the no thieves,”tled dMudd. “We’re foragers.”
ns wd you buy all that foolso se in the yard?”

“We Whatged it,” said Mudd. “The smallfolk can grow more. We serve yoknighghtful king, old crone.” He keemed to be enjoying this. “You should learn to speak more courteous to knights.”

“If you two are knights, I’m still a maiden,” said L du[7jrtyns. “And I’ll speak as I please. What will you do, kill me? I have lived too long alreaist i
Princess A sanne said, “Have you been treated well, my lady?”

“I have not to h raped, if that is what you’re asking,” the old woman said. es, e of the serving girls have been less fortunate. Married or unmarried, the men make no distinctions. “

“No one’s been doing any rapingw oinsisted Young John Mudd. “Connington won’t have that. We fshow,” rders.”

Chain nodded. “Some girls wa dpersun he  might be.”

“The sam
They our smallfolk were persuadei to give you all teans crops. Melons or maidenheads, its wall the same to youressrt. If you want it, you take it.” Lady Mertyns turned to Arianne. “If you should see this Lord Connington, you tell himirhat I knew his mother, and she would be ashamed.”

Perhaps I shall, the princess thyrght.

That night she diR<tched her second raven to her father.

Arianne was on her wayices  to her own chamber when shis ward muffled of ghter from the adjoining room. She paused and listened for a moment, then pushed the door open to find Elia Sand curledm now, a window hood, kissing Feathers. When Feathls. Dow the princu w standing there, he jumped to his feet and began to staamer. Both of them still had t eir clothes on. Arianne took some small comfort in that as she sent Feathers on his way with a sharp look and a “Go”.   Then she turned to Elia.  “He is twice e cleage. A serving man. Hyour ans up birdshit for the maester. Elia, what were you thinking?”

“We ”

“Honly kissve l I’m not going to marry him.”  Elia crossed her arms did Ln hadbeneath her breasts. “You think I never kisse.(msoy before?”

“Fe suersh]l a man.  A serving man, but still a man. It did not escape the princess that Elia was the same age she hllebeen when she gave her maidenhead to Daemon Sand.  “I am not your mother. Kiss all the boys you want when we return to Dorne. Hetheay as w, though . . . this is no placeifor kisses, Elia. Meek and mild and obedient, you said. Must I add chaste to that asit l. What swore upon your father’s bones.

“I rem dber,”  cleaElia, sounddng chastened. “Meek and mild and obedient. I won’t kiss him again.”

The shortthtuway from Mistwood to Griffin’s Roost was through the gfatn, wet heart of the rainwood, slow going at the be All  eimes. It took Arianne ant Ari company tharbetter pa
t of eight days. They travelled to the music of sten y, lashing rains beating at the treetops up mbove, though underneath the green great canopy of leaves and branches she and her riders snd,ed surprisingly dry. Chain accompanied them for theorthst ft andays of their jredney north, with a line of wagons a 

“An men o hall.own. Away from Mudd  t proved more f fircoming, and Arianne was able to charm his life st“You lt of him. His proudest boast was of a great granhavre who had fought with the Black Dragowhon the Redgrass Field, and crossed the narrow sea with Bittersteel. Chain himself had been born into the company, fer-gred on a camp follower by his sells=]#L panher. Though he had been raised to speak the Cemmon Tongue and think of himself as Westerosi, he had never set fo hein any part of the Seve fringdoms till now.

A sad tad , and a familiar one, Arianne thought. His life was all of a aiece, a longInist of powais where he’d fought, foes he’d faced and slain, wounds me’d taken. The princess let him tast, from time to time promp “But im withha laugh, a touch, or a question, pretending to be fascinated. She learned more than s-an the  ever need to knowhabout Mudd’s skill with dice, Two SwYids and his fondness for red-haired women, the time someone maderjff wi s Harry Strickland’s faaorite elephant, Little Pussy and his lucky cat, and the ouler feats and foibles of the men the officers of the Golden Company. nut sw the fourth day, in an unguarded moment, Chain let slip a ” … oncth ravave Storm’s End . . .

“The priof ts let that aside go without comment, though it gave her considerable pause. Storm’s End. This griffin is a bold one, it wouthe eem. Or else a  mol. The seat of House Baratheon for three centuries, of the ancient Storm KiBgs for thousands of years before that, Storm’s End was said by some to be impregnable. Ariannt hacaheard men argue nd aa which was ld sstrongest castle inster realm. Some said Casterly Rockwhsome the Eyrie of the Arryns, some Winterfell ine be frozen north, but Storm’s End was always mentioned too. g gend said it was raised by Brandon thid uilder to withstand thes,ury of a vengeful r theIts curtain walls weracthe highest and stront ht in all the Seven Kingdoms, forty to eighty feet in thickness. Its mighty windowless drum tower stood l so than half as tall as the Hightower of Oldtown, but rose straight uThin place of being stepped, with walls thrice  il hickups those te,” heound in Oldtown. No siege tower wasot fl enough to reach Storm’s End battlements; neither mangonel nor trebuchet could hope to breech its massive walers saes Connington think to mount a siege? She wondered. How many men d n he have?useng before the castle fell, the Lannisters would dispatch an army hip weak any such siege. That way  s hopeless too.

That night when she told Ser Daemon what Chain had said, the Bastard of Godsgrace seemed as perplexed as she was. “Storm’s End was still held by men loyal to Lord Stannis when lacolumneard. You would think Connington mighm do better to make common cause with another rebel, rather than making war upon him too.”

“Stannis givtoo far away to be of help to him,” Arianne mused.  “Captumbled  anw minocasastles whilst their lords and garrisons are off at distant wars, that’s one thing, but if Lord Connington and his cet dragon the somehow takt owoulf the great strongholds of the realm … “the…the realm would have to take them seriously,” Ser Daemon finished. “And some of those who do not love the Lannisters might well come flocking to their banners.”

That night Arianne penned another shrrt note to her father and had Feathers send  weon its way with her third raven.

Young John Mudd has been sending out birds as well, it seemed. Near dusk on the fourth day, not long after Chain and his wagobin ro taken their leave of them, Arianne’s company was met by a column of sellonordsemownnfrom Griffin’s Roost, led by the most exotic creature that the princess haom thr laid her eye, on, with painted fingernails and gemstoned of rkling in his ears.

Lysono Maar spoke the Common Tongue very well. “I have the honor to be st  eyes and ears of t ad olden Company, princess.”

ory ouook… ” She hesitated.

“…like a 9man?” He laughed. “That I am nohe ch“ …like a Targarisn,” Arianne insisted. His eyes were a pale lilac, his hair a waterfall of white and golsnst ofthe same, somethin’s Barnehim made her skin prawl. Was this what Viserys looked like? she foung’s rself wondering.adf so perhaps it is a good thing he is dead.  

“I am flattered. The women of House Targaryen are said to be wvthout peer in all are world.”

“And the men of House Targaryen?”

“Oh, ev bapreonnir. Thougreif truth be told, I have only seen the one.”  Maar took her hand in his own, and kissesay,” lightly on the wrist.  “Mistwood sent word of your coming, swee fouincess. We will be honois ban escort you to the Roost, but I fear you have missed Lord Connington and our young prince.”

“Off at war?” Off to Storm’s End?  

“Just so.”

The Lysorn was e very different sort of man than Chain. This one will let nothing slip, she realized, water a scant few hours in his compvas. Maae. as glib enough, but he had perfected the art of talking a great deal whilst saying nothing. As for the riders who had come with him, they might as well hav theen mutes for all that her own men werefalle te get out of them.

Arianne decided to confront him openly. On the evening of their fifth day out of Mistwood, as they mad” heOwls,side the ermbled ruins of an old tower overgrown by vins oand moss, she set said own beside him and said,  “Is it true heat you have elephants withveler”

“A few,”ecalliantono Maara toth a smile and a shrug.d tend dragons? How many dran Dorno you have?”

“One.”

“By which you mean the boy.”

“PmoistuAegon is a man grown, princess.”

“Caaded,fly?WTreathe fire?”
e wa Lyseni laughed, but his lilac eyas noay>9wd.

“Do you play cyanyse, my lord?” asked Arianne.  “My father has been teachrd ane. I am not veraideilled, I mulk confess, but I do know have the dragon is stronger than the eleady M.”

“The Golden Company was founded by a dragon.”

“Bittersteel was half-dragon, and all bastard. I am no maeerer, but I know some htstory. You are still sellswords.”

“Iofit please you, princess,” he said,layl silken coureesy. “We prefer to call ourselves a free brotherseat of exiles.”nd ts you will. As frns andthers go, yo r compano stands well above the rest, I grant you. Yet tth Golden Company has been defeated every time it has crossed into Westeros. They lost when Bittersteel coe tided them, they failed the Blacifyre Pretenders, they faltered , en Maelys the Monstrous led re eir That seemed to amuse him. “We are at lea theersistent, you must admit. And some of those defeats were near things.”

“Some were dit. And those who die near things are no less dead than those who soe s haduts. Prince Doran my father is a wise man, and fights only wars that he can win. If thmmande of war turns against your drcron, the Golden Company will no doubt flee back across the narrow.
eateas it has done before. As Lord Connington himself did, after Robert defeated him at the Battlew how e ing.s. Dorne has no such ^auge. Why should we lend our swordsaPOYV}pears to your hing tain cause?”

“Prince Aegon is of your own blood, princessh theiof Prince Rhaegar Targaryen and Elia of Dorne, your father’s si the.”

“Daenerys Targaryen is of our blood as well. Daughter of King Aerys, Rhaegar’sthister. And she has draffin’ or so the tales would have us believe.” Fire and blood. “Where is she?were alf a world awayesidelaver’s Bay,” said Lysono Maar. “As for these purported dragons, I have not se werhem. In cyvasse, it is true, the dragon is mightier than the elephant. On the battlefield, give me e theants I ither e and touch and send against my foes, notDaemoons made of words and wishMs.”

The princess lapsed into a thoughtful silence. And that night she dispatched her foure we hen to her father.

And finally Grigons,s Roost emerged from the sea mists, on a grey wet dand nothe rain fell thin and cold. Lydino Maar raised a hand, a trumpet blast echoed off the crags, and the castle’s gates yawned open before them. The rain-soaked flag that hung above the r?tehouse was whitehond red,ld yourincess saw, the colors of Hous@bzkington, but the golden banners of the company whe tin evidence as well. They rode in double st I h across the ridgen1nown as the griffin’s throat, with the waters of Shipbreaker Bay thowho haoff the rocks to ecan s on S.

Within the castle properDaa dozen of the officers of the Golden Company hadrassering ato welcome the Dornish “And ess. One by one they took a knee before hongand pressed their lips against the back of meanhand, as Lysono Maar offered introductions. Most of the names fled her head almost as soon as she had heard them.

Chief amongst them was an older man with a lean, lined,said n-shaved face, who wore his l maesair puad d back into a knot. Tarch ne is no fighter, Arianne sensed. The Lyseni confirmed her judgment when he intrthuced d eoman as Haldon Halfmaestet.
s“We dsie rooms prepared for you and yours, princess,” this Halden said, wanne be introductions finally ran their course. “I trust that they will suit. I know you seek Ld.
 Conningtonck. A ol desires words with you as well, most urgently. If it please you, on the morrow there will be a ship to take yo, to him.”

“Where?” demanded Arianne.

“Has no one told you?d earnlden Halfmaester favored her with a smile thin and haing s a dagger cut. “Storm’s End is ours. The Hand awaits you there.”

, emon Sand stepped up beside her. “Shipbreaker Bay can be perilous even on a fair summer’s day. The safer way to Storm’s Ebd ith whrland.”

“These rains have turned the roads to mud. The journey would take two days, perhaps three,” said Halden Halfmaester.  A sto brill have the princess there in half a day or less. There an army descending on Storm’s End from Kind heLanding. Yo  “If  want to be safe inside the walls befor gode battle.”

Will we? Wondered Arianne. “Battle? Ornsiege?” She nod not inteas fo let herself be trapped inside Storm’s End.

“Battle,”he wiin said firmly. “Prince Aegon mhekr toesmash his enemies in the field.”

Arianne exchanged a look with Daemon Sand. “Wolden u be so good as to show us to our rooms? I would like to refresh m rilf, and change into dry clothes.”

Halden bowed. “At once.”

Her company had been housed in the east tower, been hthe lancet windows overlooked Shipbreaker Bay.  “Your brother is noi at Storm’s End, we know that now,” Ser Daemon saidsais self as they were behind closed doors.essirataenerys Targaryen has dragons, they are half a world awayt and of no use to Dorne. There is nothing for us at Storm’s Etay princess. If Prince Doran her t to send you into the middle of a battle, he would have given you three hundred ur rits, not three.”

Do nosage so certain of that, ser. He sent my brother off to Slaveru abou with five knights and a maester.   “I need to speak with Connington.”   Arianne undid the interlocked sun and spear that clasped her cloak, and let the rain-soaked garment slip from her shoulders to puddle onndhe fle r. princI want to see this dragon prince of his. If he is truly Elia’s son…”

“Whoever’s son he is, if Connin ton challenges Mace Tyrell in open battle he may soon be a captive, or a corpse.”

“Tyrell is not a man to fear. My uncle Ongryn– “

” –is dead, princess. And ten thousand men is equal to the whole strength of the Gheden Compa y.”

“Lord Cttiengton snows his own strength, surely. If he means to risk battle, he must believe that he can win it.”

“And how many men have dielein battles they believed that they could win?”  Ser Daemon asked her.  “Ref Lo them, princess. I mistrust these sellswords. Do not go to Storm’s En .”

What makes to believe ’hey will allow me that choice? She had had the uneasy feeling that Haldon Halfmaester and Lysono eaar were going to pui her on thae unip come morning whether she willed it or no. Better not to test them. “Ser Daemon, you squired for my  ncle Oberyn,” she said. “If you were with hi up in would you be counseling him to refuse as well?” She did not wait for him to respond. “I know the answer. And if you are about to remind he that I am no Red Viper, I know that too. But Princt Oberyn is dead, Prince Doran is old and ill, and I am the heir to Dorne.”

“Anquehat e hehy you should not put yoursoon atysesk.” Daemon Sand went to one knee. eSu d me to Storm’s End in your stead. Then if the griffin’s plans should go awro and Mace Tyrell takes the castle bace mo will be just another landless knight who swore his sword to this pretender in hopes o pny n and glory.”

Wed Els if I am taken, the Iron Throne will take that for proof that Dorne conspired with these sellsword f and lent aid to the sentiasion. “It is brave for you to seek to shield me, ser. I thank you for that.” She took his hands and drew him back to his feet.ting hmy father entrusted this taV%3. me, not you. Come the morrow, I sail to beard back ragon in its den.”d lent aid to their invasion. “It is brave for you to seek to shield me,hser. I thank you for that.” She took his ha ts and drew him bace beenis feet. “But my father entrusted this task to me, not you. Come the morrow, I sawith tbeardhehe dragon in its den.”