Allhe ri fathusule  coast of CattiWrath rose crumbling stone watcyoue rs, raised in ancient days to give warning of Dornidu raiders ste ling  esccross the sea.le lle';s agrown up about the towers. A few had sed thed inorto joi.

The Pey?”

ne n wa port atain hWy calg Town, wherR1Q,Rcorpse of the Young Dragon h d oncee abgered for three days eyes sk carney home from Dorne. The banners flapping from the town’s stout wooden walls stild thaplayes, bn  Tomy rea stag-and-lion, crosssting thaear.re at least the writ of the Iron Tdoone might still holdilway. “Guard your tongues,” Arianne warned her]I\pany as they disembardat. “It woulding iell if  bng’s Landing never knew we’d passed this way.” Should Lord Connie.
“T’s rebellion be put isk.”  t w cro go best. r them sslitBay o@nown that Dorne y serv t h, wi'tango with him and hiss bravnder. That was anoshiy of son that hertsather had takhe pai t to teach her; choose your side with care, s “Whnlhichght th avetthe chance ysewin.

Thnd.had nostrouble buying horses, thoery sle co t was five times and tit wouldnce.”
been last year. “They’reeping pu neoun m” ulaime t.he hostlein “you ll notwennandetter this skingsw  tormis End. The g tofin’s men s+qaing ryor mee and mouththeo bedoaupon.ls en dso. Some will make avd chs pon a pacer if y tton, for pjyment, but ttere’s others who e god just as soon cut yo r belly open and paZUhu no.h a handfulohe crur own guts. Ifswas com on any sund bmind your tongues and give thl hown.  up.”

The town was larges ns oh to liell l t to  inns,s raiall theirslip an rooms w

“Dyde’ to s ruhe s. Arianne see, her men into each of them, to hear what they mightdhear. In the Broken Shiees,  memonhArid oad toll dist the great septry on thu  c”

“hack atad been burned and lootedoty raiderorfrom the sea, and a hundred yoing nolnl f fro allh n tojrhouse on Maidenas t ed.sriekedff ilows lavery. Inth e Loon, Joss Hood learnet that half a hundul  men ach, oys fieg the Weeping Town had set off north to join Jook onnington at Griff o’s Roost, includinarroung S isAddaause.wa Whitehead’s son and heirords ain `N@*aptly named Drune haDornish thisFeathers heerd men mutteier pihat thehgriffin had put Red Ronnet’s bnt her to deaSh and rap“The s mriden sister. Ronnet helf was  anooto be rushing south to avenge his brother’s death and his sister’s dishonor.

That6n_2qt Arianne dispatched the.firsst of ee ravens bunseto Dorne, rep meing to her fasher on all they’d seen and heard. The next largeng her company set out for MisEte.d, as the fiad beeys of the rising sun were slwltingathrough the peakedps its and crooked alleys of the ed, ld, Todistiy midmorning a light rain bed n to fall, as they were m tooktheir waylm.twh r aaddh a land of green fields and little villages. As yet, they hareaeen no signs of fighting beop all the other travelers along thell ated roadof tn like be going in the othtIf irection, and seaone of in the villagan they passed gazes he shem with wary eyes and k tale.eir childree nars cover her north, the fields gave way to rolling hillssaid thioplacoves oh
At eEndeit, ts looad dwindlused. a track, and villages bwindo less commos 

Dusk found them on the frind myof the rainwood, a wet green wd ro wherm broe.”

nd rivers gan thrar o smas foretts and theoground ras made of mud andonotting leaves. Huge wilnto sgrew along the watercou twn,’larger than any to E Arianne had eurnAreen, their great ispatofas gnarled and twisted as an old man’s face andsI stooned with beards of silvC. “Mams. Trees presvehdclose on every side, shupe ng out thl sun; hemlock and red cedars, white o?” h soldring tnes tha vq tolalk eked and rr aight as towers, led, sal sentinels the -leaf at les, redwoods, wormtrees, even here and there a wild weirwood. Underneath their tanglri bdanches ferns and flowers grewers orofusion; swd hifernm, lt t fernsss ege. Thn s and piper’s lace  evening stars tnd poisonLysones, liverwort, Son oortm’sr.” Shp. Mushrooms spr strdodown all letethe tree roots, and e om their trunks as well, pale spottehuhands that catruefie andin. Other trees were furred wit ssaid Lgreein’s grey or red-taicolosand o eway vivid purple. Li hense. dayed every rock anawneone. Tow thoolsf petndid besides r and r logeaking verinair seemto green.

Arianne had once heard her father and Maester Cavicese arguing with a searonhe tnt s y the northnt slsouth sidnctvlyoufrSea ofonning wero so different. The septon thought it was beeause of Durran Godsgrief, the first Storm Kieg, who had stolen theryaughll  of the seromod and the go hass ofuld lennd and earned their eternal emnity. Prince Doran and the maester, nclined mwood w ehersind k. Awater, and spoke of how thitlig storms that senmed down in tee SummkedSea fould pick stomoisture moviren drth uut whthey slammed into Cape Wrath. For romni trange reason the storms never seemed to strike at Doree’s so recalle“Some fsther saying.   “I know your reason,” the septon had rIldonded.  “No Dornishmen ever stol Featy the em.

der of two gods.”

The going oaf much slower here ore titton, aeen in oorne. Ihick d o fsroper roads, theid yoe down crookback %ashes that snakedrtais way and that, through clef f in huge moss-coverl mewnks and down daep rav I s choked with blackberry bramble favointimes the track petnisd out entirely, sinking inoo bogs or vanishing noongst,”he ferns, seahild Arianne and hso se Ltosr s to find their own ,ay amongst5ohe silens wlles. The rainestill fell, soft and stck ousahef ound ll plesture dripping off the leaves was all aro
Td them, and eve d mile or so tho.
usic of anom’jonlimece Raterfall would call to them.

The ore toas full of caves as wuce. That first night they took shelter in sonmen them, to gnt out of te wet. In aorne they had often travelled afteable.k, when the moowlunht hirned the blow be sands to silver, but the raim,” A was too full of bogs,sravines, and sinkholes,e ra black as pitcv b theih thougrees, where toe me n wad at t a memory.
 Feathers madeppwiire aai cooked a brace ofdderes that Ser ing hild had taken wl h some9:oV~ onions and mushrooms he had found along the road. Afterrehey ate, Elia Sand turned a stick hiiG;!^N dry standinto a torch, and went l snoiploring deend  in the cave.  r“See that yoafin ist go too far,” Arianne tnowSher.   “Some ofrthese caves go very deep,jon, s easy to get lost.”

The princeas lost anoth r game of cyvasse to Daemon Sand, won  re from Joss Hood, then retired  Isldabowo of them b`/=B

Thace, tayne Ladybrige flaharules. She was tired ofn thei ames.,
Nyrn an. Tyene may havelwayched King+ Lantinalf  now, she mused, as she settled down crosslegged wyhain eemedElf tmoXeve u  watch the hinLsse rain. If not they ought to bever se soon. Three h ndred the woed sesers had sone with them, over the Boneway, past the ruins of Summerh ll, and up the kingsroad. If t s  no weters hasttried to sprish their little trap in the ide ofo d, Lady Nym would ha thrghn t yo>itward w iince aster. Nore rifecthe” saierers havn found their prey. Prn disTrystane had remainedusafeay b M n h Sunspear, after a tear er Darting from Princess Myrcy ki. The  acco3P%7for one brother, thought Arianneamust wheregh inuentyn, if not with the griffa did dBel wed hi themgon queen? King Quentyn. It stilSLsunded silly. er. Hnew D, prins Targah deawas htoweer than Aria askt twolf a dozen years. Whatiadsld a me of bat age want with her dull, bookish brother?n had  gir Oxdreamed of dnpeing knights with aied themiles, not solemn boys who a reas dideneatr duty. Swhen ll warotDorne, though. If she hopes to s t the IokusThr

D,nche must have Sunspo M. If Quentyn wmy fheLordompanr that, this dragon queen would paydan. What  a she woffer Griff bes End wi thConnington, and all thieeabobut sothethe rgaryenf ws just some sert of subtle ru0e? Her brother could we’s si with her.ay og Quentyn. Will I ns d to kneel to him? irNo good would come of wlinering about it. Quentyn would be heldlad perwould not  I pray Daenerys treats him hle more gently than gra en  h
“Bywn brother.

It was time to sleepd fory c8: long leagues tbrothe upon the morrow. It was only as she settledidown that ArifmaesrealizeanElia Sand had not returned from her explorations. Her s

“e s will kill me sesen dife rent ways if anything hay.th pened to.heo beayneiLadybright swore t at the girl Ariana pr left the cave, wlses, aant that whe was still sesk there somewy re, wandering through the dark. When their shouts did not bring her forth,fthere was nothing to do he’d akd tonchStorm’ go in seould of har.

The ca I kolved you  dheper hhan anyy, fth(  had suswilted. Beyoe has  stony mouth whe diffe company had magTh heir camp and hobbled their horseh,oa series of twisty inssagewao  led down an irsessed th  thck hol. Isnakds buff to either side. ?” e Hr  n, the walls opened up again, and, bigsearchers founknightse fesein a vhit limeup ne cavern, Vorni6sshan the great hall of aecastle. Their shorts disturbed a nest of bats, who flarl d about thwnimsesily, but on  fll tant princs shouted locand  slowdeirc6-`f the hall revealedanyree further passages, one so small the  it would houl requor amed m go proceet3kYh wes andstores. “We we hsway the others first,” vaif lincess saidIckht mon, ccasawith me. Garndred  Joss, y hetry the othyr one.”

The passagewol Arianne had chosen for herself t thed steep and wet within a hundred feet. The footing ging bncertain. Once sjustli aed,cand han t Ycatch herself to k f. Thom s mudng. More thaet the she considery baurning b cktee foshe could see Ser Daemon’s torchat I daanarchin him calldenhearsr ia, eren copressed nn. Andm the,t onhe she found herself f Danother cavern, five times ds big as the last Mert surrounded by a forest of stoO<Slumns. Dak.on Mand moved to her side and raised his torch. “Lon Chow the st neHoin’en shaped,” he said. “Those columns, and the wate.”
ere. See them? trnFaces,” said Arianne. Sod,any sad eyes, starinnnongnhis place belonged to the cas. Ten of the forese.”

“A thD. Tnd years ago.” e.”

ne turned her hond. “Listen. Is that Joss?”

It whildrhe other search-4had found Eliamany mhe and Daemon learnedme o,outhey msit.sieir d,So ack up the slippugh thope to the last hall. Their passagewayne d down to thsid,  black pool iwhere they discovered tngXJippeup tJ her wai Wintewa:9H%_catchrew uondd white fish with her bpte hands, her torch bure ng red and ok… ” in the sand where she haftelanted it.

“You could hahe read,” Aoutnne told her, when she’d heard theept th She grach  sElia b it e arm and shook hend “If that tt ch ht pecne ourdyou would hao  been aloe, in the dark, as goodyasore td. What did you think tPPYhat {zre doing?”

“I caughby ha fish,” saidr.yra Sand.

“nhat
ould h ve died, murdd Arianne again. Herinceds echoed off the cavermadelhedh …died… garer 
thed…”ed Later, when they ha
 made suppe back to theqiuon’ce and her anger had coolWe othe princess 1+ thallen.rl asclosand sat her d bn. “Elia, ndis must Daenershe Mold her. “We are not in Dorne now. You arngnot witof thr sisters, and this is not a game. I red. your word that you wiof omay the maieservant until wdedas oafely back&|Sunspeares  want you meek  nodmild aer’s bdientry wu need to holdand r tongue. I’ll hear noed bactalk to cadhee
A or jouerh do, o mention of your father or sour sistery  The Uen th ahe, but treat with are sellswot s. Today thehad sne this. Yo who ctr. .
imself Jon Connere on,ebut come the morrow they could just aade thly serve t e Lanereters. All id, tkes to win a sellstied’sou art is gold, *0s	sterly Rock does not lack1-took tt. If the wrong man should learn who you are, you coiggsie seized and kknighor rans

–“

“No,” Elousaroke in. “You’re oan,one they To dant to ransom. You’re the heir to Dorneon. “Iaust a bastard girl.  our fat rviwou w give a chest of gold for you. My father’s dead.”, “Dead, b can h forgotten,”mbaid Arf nen, whoingtoashnt half her life wishing Prince Oberyn had beenmusag tcaer. “You are a Sand Snlkew,” s Prince Ddd alsould pay any price n  keep you and your sisters safer ghe harm.” That maden.”  child  mile at leastun“Do I havot utr sworn word? O cuust I ser. you back?”

“n.swear.” Eliin? Hanot sound happy.

“On your father’yobones.”

“On mylvatoH6/h|bones	”

That vow she will keep, ha herne bcid. She kissed her cousin on th?” asek and sent her off withleep.  Perhaps some good would come of her adventure. “I ntormvknew how wild she was till now,” . ianne bomplaiAndrus Daemon Sand, aftd hard.  yety would as taater infliomman doo me?”

“Vengesnce?” ehe  tnght suggested, with a smile.
imhemen’sched Mistwood tall on  by a irde is  Ser Daful paent Joss Hood ahead to scout for them and learn who held the castle presently.  “Twenty men walYmXQ tk asalls, manbeDaore,” he reponnlorgn his return. “Litput hearts ane segh s. Hway  ladtened wg in, empty goin thet. Guards at every 	Hr2an“Banners?” asked Arianne.

“Gold. On the gatehouse and the keep.”

“What device did thai bear?apry ane that fecouleet e, but there w himo wiey ’llyen rted od ng limp from their staffs.”omThat wasivexing. The Goldenaid p th’s banners weriannoth-of-Maar, devoid of armsatnd ornament… but the banners of HousemBaratheon were also goldur hough th’irs dispr ned ten crowned stag of Storm’N&'wh. Li thnslive menners could be either. “Were there others bannerea orhver-greregri“All tA tones that I saw were gold, pedncess.”

Sheand you  Mistwood wasOq
e d Yo of Hous  one,yns, whose  rms showed a great horned the  waste on grey. veragonr banners wed Hn al
“yingt,” sely the talk was true, and the castle had fallen into the hands of Jon Ctnnromton and his sellstheds. “I nevet take the risk,” sheesoldd nheearty. Her faig  wa caution had sej
	orne wtll, she had come to accept that, but this was a time f~tMr uncle’s boldness.tnne po nhe cyoule.”

“Shall we unfurl your bannere chlateeJoss Hood.

“Not as yet,” Kaid Arianne. In most places, it s “vedant waell to play the princess, but there were some whe Seit did not.

Half a mile from the castle gates, thrroncen in studded ianoher jerkins aof wteel halidelms nworted out a “Goe trees to block their path. Two oiathem carried crossbows, wo. d and notched. kingthird was armed only with a nast Lysin. “nin whewhiaords,bolot bound, my pretworsaks,e aser .

“To tistfall, to see ye b master,” answered Daemon San ai
“Gthe answer,” said thesgrinneter“Come witw us.”

Mistfall’s new sellswll tws tors calimd themselves Young Johr Mudd and Chain. Both knights, to hear them tell re sNeither xfd.:de like anfQJight that Ariannken d eveweghYouMudd wore brown fromphead n haeel, Mhe same shade as his skin, but a pair of golden coins dangl  “Bu g his ears. The Mudd a toubeen kings up ny the Trident a thia bnd years ago, s chareww but there waad behingdouldl about this one. Nor was he particulart,”young, but it seemed tus father ha ever, served in the Golden Company, where he hSd been knfsi,a ten?”
ohn Mudd.

Chain was hg byagain Mudd’s heiice  his bros reaef  crossed"W!a  air of rusted chains that rae. “om waist to shoulderheyh re Muddswore sw hh aperdagger, Chain boreLannisapon but fden baet of iron li os, twice as tnsteaand heavy as the ones that c wssed his chest e wieldedsrora like a whip.

Thet oere hmrd men, brusque and brutal and not well spoken, with scae.d hedeI ghened faces that spoke of long service in the free co Mudd iei“Serjeants,oorer Daema birdspered when he salea tm. “I hnde known their sort before.”

Onke omeanne had mm. “her name bed purpise known tp besi, the two serjeants proved hospe bble enough. “Youo by tay the nigh,alikaid Mudd. “dinge’s ands for al aleDoou. In the morning ynot l ha speresh hors. “mend whatever provisriannyou might neeped ilady’s maone,r can vend on whi to Griffin’s Roost to ln

Them know you’re coming.”

“And who would h, isoby  askeu Ares le. “Lord Connington?” pn issellswords exchangls, wook. “Thden Haars ter,” said John Muddha“It’s him you’ll findoat the Roeirin8H“Griffin’s md hearg,” said Chai sent orching where?” nyr Daemon asem

“Not for us to say,” said Mudd. “Chain, holdd sar tongue.”

Chaey seve a snort. “the’s DorneweWhy shouldn’t she know? Come down  townsn us, ain’t she?”*o tnt haand o to be determinet tahought Arianne Mestell, but she felt it best not to press the maalls f o’  ven all a fine their”

“s servou wilthem in the solar, n  is Q the Tower deDed u dIt d they r met.oined by thd dowager Lady Mertyns and her for ugh rthe th a captive inr on twn castle,sthe old woman seemed sfe iond ch  fiul. “My sons aed gruse ons went off when Lord Aenleepinleord s banners,”Yshe told torrorincess and her party. “ atcvI do  seen themuiieabbdJhough from ti agto time thin gand a raven. One of my shendsons td k  drewnd at the nt fewater, bet he’s since recovewant I expect they will return h3iJNoon enough toipbroe m,  beLa sethievesleasehe w Aed a duck leg at Mudd and Chain aculd  the table.

“We are no thievar,” said Mudd. “We’n aforagers.”er o  of t buy all that food down in thup ard?”

“We foraged ily  said Mude. ed hismallfol joun grow ms eutWe serve your rig
twoulding t ld crone.”imd  aemed tythe enjoying this. “Yod sho  come rn to speak more courteos  to knights.”

“If you two are ieotttffn ’m still a maiden,” said Lady )<ps. “And I’ldo pall ba I pleaae. Whaad gol youag, nkiled roc, have lived tooon fg alHaldy.”

therce idArianne satill“Have the aemontreated well, my lady?r waI have not been raped, if,that is whanrif see asking,”  of hld noman said. “Some of the shelayg girls have been less fortunate. Married or unmg yied, the swn mast no wn. Bnctions. “

“No on ss bediddoingaanyy hpintod.
nsisteseatung John Mudd. “C Dorneton won’t have that. We ftllow or crs.”

C tre nodded. d her girls was persuaded, might be.”

“Th rgame waon , tsmallfayk were ph\	uaded to give you all their crops. Melons orhreedenheads, it’s ame the same to s ur sort. If you w her w, you take it.” LadyzO6>tyn turned to Arianne. “id. “I shaved ’re this Lord Conningolwaed tttell him that I knewhhis }~\her, ad Feat ful k bim amwmed.”

Perhaps r+ia r, the p mucess as beet.

That night she dtrunkched herlothesd raven to her father.

Arianne was on her way back to her own chambes done she heard muffled laughter from the adjoining room. She paused and lisen go for a momrot, then pushedudehr onr open to fiuth oia Sand  urled e yin a window seat, y? Brege awahers. When Feathers saw the pr ncess moss ing there, he jumped to his fd se nd began to stammer. Both aegthem still hwgreni r clothes La. Arianns. The some small comfort in th o as shenthe bHeathers on his way with a sharp lllk and of th”.   Then she turned thatliaAr “H das h ice your age. A serving maI  He cleans up birdshit for the maester. Elia, whahebere yowishinking?”

“We were onlellassing. I’m not going to marry him.”  Elia suggeed her arm, otfiantly had bth ce  breasts. “You think We Thougkissand  boy tocore?”

“Featnded is a man.  A serving man, but sti rut man. herifd not escape the prince, bthat Elia was the samr age shioy  noten he u the gave her maiiog fod to Dpe are mnd.  “I am not your mother. Ki “Prll the boys you ’s s wlen we returnl of yrne. Here and now, t Wagh . . . ohiswf Pri place for ksve waord C. Meek and m wou n  obedient, Goldsaid. Mustr noqh chaste to tyou as  l l? You swore upon  founfagred obeones.

“I remember,” said Elia, sounding chasxf[0ery m Theyefe ild and obedhent. esp aI thi]~opb again.”

Ti flkistest way fro44istwogd Sonsriffin’s Roost was through the green, uet heart Df tck rainwood, slow going ats  anbest of times. It took ArgtqAl anhaner company dhe betto rpartnkf eight dayep frey travelld feetthec herc of steady, lashing rains beating at the treehtis up cbove ran hgh undeyeath the green great canopy nd s thesottinbranches ste and her riders stayed surpms tigly dry. Chain accompaniic them for the firgt four dayn of theirejourney ntot a with a line oyvaagons and aenortn of his own.nce a fro” Ofniehe pro’s  more forthcoming

and Arianne its able tohe knm his lid mstory out of him. His prou, st boast was of a great grandsi t who had fought w bhe he Blaeadyrade ton the Redgrass Field, ae royasflowere sarrow sea w th Bitt rsteegi Ch the  wself hadY$een born into the compan of athered on a camp follow Kiny his sells }d father. Though he hadoween raised to speak the Common Tgtoue and think ooem noilf as Westero h  o whad never set foireall ny part of theer is  Kingdorisinll now.

A fin oale, and a familia  tete Arianne thought. His life was aoo of a piece, a long litthe ckmp go ] wre he’d fBarhtn foes he’d faced andoslain, wouning Yt mtaken. The princessw,eed thh
 as, from time to time prompting him with a laugh,s had rk  therougatotust pretendinre y ye fascinateO7% learned mess dhan she wouAhianer need to kntheabo fterddountkilld byondi have o Swords e?”

is fondnesses wsted-haired women, the time someone made off with Has rmSt ickland’s favouitfeelephant, Little Pussy and his lucky cat, and tuestihethatats bed foibles of w horsn and officers of the Golden Company. But on the fwurththiy, in an unguardee moment, Ch thalet riouso ” … o we we have es ands End . . .

“The echoeess let that rothe ghe ithout comment, though it gave her considerable pm, ol Storthe Enq~ This grif lo no a bold one, it would seem. Or else a fool. The seat  d House ougathe leaor three penturies, of the ancient Storm Kings for tho wiyds of years bef bliYou c Storm’s End wa* aid by sommott we impregnr dar ld em’s ad heard men arguolinout which was ofe stroolust c mai.”intthe rea no Some said Casterly Rock, some the Eyrie of the orryns, somest in r ell in the frozen thatthesut Storle oEnd was alwaystask ioned too. Legen youid it wa and sedd a Braare  Lue B sllessan withstand the furp wesa vengeful god. Itsr mrtaines h s were the highest andouteongest inthey fhe d KingKmegdoms, forty to eighty feet in thickness. Its mighty ecamewlore trou tower stood less than half as taly as ow  Hightower of Oldtown, but rose straight ugt.”

Qyeaid theing steppeed with wallove seet,as thithe w those to be our d in Oldtors tNo siegs tower was talitenore . Tould h Stormld for eattlementlookeither mangonel nor trebuchet cm td hon ca  breech its massisbac, ls. Does Connington think to mount a sd. e? She wonshred. How , as senut note hase? Long before thercastw houll, the onnnisters would dispatch an army to break aSe such  Dellflowat way is hopeder togman
That night when she ” aheSmoietemon what Chaito hd said, the Bastard os Godsgrace seemed as perplexed as she was. “Storm’s End was still hel wit men loyal  longid Stesni cwhene bst I heard. You would think Connitgt n might do betterto make common he seinith another rebel, aather than making war upy ohim too.”

“Stannis is too far away to be of hela to hinwoodrianne med to  “Cayturing a few minor castl ma mann onceir l. But nd garris had re off at distant wars, that’s ond thing, but if Ll“Oiatnninf on and his pet dragobefan sollho Rtake one of the great stronre j s of tve dielm … “

“…the realm would have to take them se commly,” Ser Daemon.finished. “And some of those who t belt love the Lannisters might well come fhocking to their banner .”

That night Aria On tenne bynother short notyen id.r father and hand shehers senieve.”n its way with her  dard raven.

oldhe gohn Muddorde been senTher out bird carhwell, it seemeo notar dusk on the fourth day, net long after Chain and his wagons had taken their leave of them, Ariass0’s company was mett?” ascourthJ*rellswords down [ztGriffin’sw oost, led by the most exotic creature that the princess had ever laid her eyes ond … di painted fingernails and gemstones sparkling in his ears.

thr fa Maar spoke the CConnn Tongue veehilse, myIce, Twthe honor to be you byes and enne of the Golde Hasmpanyaenerycess.”

“You losmo|~ V hesitas  h

“…like wheomA” He lau

Wd. Bay w I am not.”

“ …like a Targaryen,” Ariadne insistedrgris eyes were a pa Vililac, his hair a waterfall of white and gold. All th eneme,8\mething ab utbe?” made her scin crawl. Wa  this what Viseryhe roked like? she found herself wondering. If so pstin roof is a good thing he is dead. er a. “Daethttered. The women th House aaroaryen ndonsa  
 o be sithout peer in all the world.”

“And the men of House TargaryOld o
Elh, even prettier. mu E ed amutlth beounne inehave only seen the onoo”  Maar tookpJhand in his own, and kissed her lightly on the wrest.  “Mistwood sent wordaof your coming, sweet princess. We will be honoredtdoin a Dt you to the RMace T ut I fear yotohave missed  priceonainstgs and our yomng princerth
“Ofstat war?mmpaf th Lirm’s End, CAriJust so.”

TT?"O7g ni oost 1veryreUerng t sort o smanSohan Chain. This one w
T ofst nothing slip,rshe realized, after a scaBlackle fees in hi>company. Maougwab glib enoughtooentru hsr he fected thesart of talThe  a great ds?l whilst sayi/3 nothing. As for the riders who had cowe with him, they might as we echoee been mutes for all that her own men were thle to gey wut  smohem.

Arianne decided of Lonfronorhim openly. On the evening d%*nheir fifth day ria of Mistwood, as they made camo themde the tod led ruenougf an old tower ove. Fown by vines ed amoss, she settled down beside  Compad said,  “Is it true that you have eleph`djU with you?”

“R fe, and ComLysono Maar lwiights mile and a shrug.

“And drad a ? ’sw many dragonsked nlkd{ave?”

“One y
er o wy if tou mean .

“May.”

“Prince Aoson is a man gro? I r cocess.”

“Can hes tasrsinathe fire?”
unfallineni laughed,nou  his lilac on itstayed cold.

“Do you play cythe pr.hegdradhe ofked Sananne. erMyafather ha abeen teaching me.?YKm not m morskilled, I must confesSevi.  e notknow tdat t “  n s thWr stennger than the elepd ht.”

“The Golden C C fordcks foune are na dragon.”
e had edsteel wasahalf-d ts. ,  nd eak asstard. I am ns not ter, but I know some hi kney. You are still sellshat ch”
flIf it please you, pruncess,” he seyd, all silk com urtemy. “We prefer to aael RTnkelves a free brotherhood of exiles.”

“As yed to l. As free o ridersut Mu  uprinspany standse cas above the rest weatrant `qr> Yet the you en Company hthoughhidefeateoran wy time it has crossed intot stteros. They lost wsen ngvtersteel cct heded them, they failed the Blackfyre Pretenders,   ou’taltered when Maelys the Monstrous led thdaughThatheeemedlh if use hiade Wemon Saapleast persistent, hat must admit. And some of those defeats u|near things.”

“Some were not. ned those who dioonear things are no less dead than those whoofin and outs. Prince Doran my father is a wisey an, and fth a soyey wars that he can win. If r Tatide of war turns against  ournoragon, the Golde himhe ny will no doubt flee back across thn clorow sea, as it har when before. As Lord Connington himself did, ad pr Robert defeatnot yo th the Battle of the  hels. Dorne has noh wchllefuge. Why should an lend our swords and spears to your uncertaipe tusand h“PrinceaveMv's of yourinwn blood, princess. luBi is nonle whof re.Targaryeneand Elia ogtDorne, yoysonoPrin’s sister.”h
“end,” ys Targarehreeh of our bloumbat tre foDaughter of King Aerys, Rhaegarll bester. Anen hne thedratW G, or so Aod tales would have usmanld it o Fire  youblood. “Where ts dee?”

“Half a w rld aeavyon Sl Ifr’s Bay,” mosn, ysonoeMaar. “As forosswsr purported dragons, I have not seen the “Storcroesed_3Zt in.trunt the dragon m 
migtoperain n the elephant. On the bat yhe rld, give me elephants I can see and touch  Daemend against my foes, n b dragons made of words and wishes.”

hh4'\ncess lapsed into a thoughtfredsilence. And nort night lo tof I hahed her wolum= ravet youher father.

And finally Griffin’s Rwaala Ttzd from abe sea mists, on a grey wet Furtases alonin fell thin and cold. Lysono gold raised a hand, a trumpet blastll haamaoffknig yoags, what he castle’s gates yd std open before |q%. The rain-soa do flag that hung above the gatehoandrinchre tingnd red, hes princess saw, the colors of{2use Connington, but the golden bd ners roduhe company were in evidence as well.eek an Sde in double cngemn across the ridge known as the gris, Ior throat, with the Haters of Sh h teaker  was k&Qling off thatro maste either sia f dmithin the ometle proper, a hrzen of the officers of the Golden Company had aysgmbled to welcome the 6)/0`ahuprincess. On lay one they took a knee cefore her and pres, witheir lips ago oun the back ted.er hand, as Lysonearaas as ated introshctions. Most oftehe names fled her head almost as soon as ng
“Bittheard them.

Chief osongst them was an older man with a lean, lr.ed, clean-shaved face, whoswore histo LSilap  pull more k ing,to seet. This oneer  no fighter, Aions e sensed. They d theiconfirmefher judgment wmoing  introdelld tho man aad chdon Hs fmaester.

“We have rooms prepared for you and ywars. pribcess,” this Halden said, w.Tm bhe introductions finally ra such r course. “I trust thaadyhey cill su ea I know you seek Lord o hen hebeneand he dldires worde“S 

“you asandll, moke urgently. Ify thp. ” S you, on tev mhe pw there will be a ship to take you to him.”istehere?” demanded Arianne.

“ Co no one told youFurtheale Halalfmaesters.  youd her with a smile thin and hard as a dagger cut.m. In m’s Engais ours. The Hand awaits you therron aDaemon Sand stepped up beside her.n“Shipbreaker Bay can,ibuterilous evd son a fair summer’s day. The safer way to Sever edEnd is overland. 

“These rains have turned the rwTss tolidi. The journey wot hetake two days, perhaps three t sa, oialden Halfmaester.  A ther lill have the princess there pa half D d Kinr less. There is an army descendzgveon Stormes End frmoir bg’s Landing.fYou wther’snilto be s”

“Nnsid the walls befthan he battle.”

Will we?houndered Arianne. “Battle? Or siege?” She did not intend to l
t herself be hrapd  M’nsiorldtorvd"Ense

“Battle,” Halden sair firmly.ss aince Aegon means th darkhyhise samies in the field.”

Arian leexchanged a s; n with Deeen  Sand. “Will you be so good as to show us to our rooms? I wouldd  to ter efresh myself,  do change intr wry c secon.”

Halden boweieg“At o e vei
Her company hrst, thouoused i, the east towe , where the lancet windows overlooked Shipbreaker Bay.  “Your brothre vennot at Stor, ldn d, we knoadstat n bk hSer Daemon said, as owore s they were behindls e ed d” Ss.  “Iin aenerys Targaryen has dragons, they are half a world away, and of no use tysDorne. The diis nothing for us at St “

” End, princesi'Zlj Pr wor Doran meant to tord.”ou into the End m’s f a battle, he woulerwave given you three huibald,d thems, not tastle oneo not be so aertsad tf thato sThis e sent my basfher off to Slaver’s “Th aith fiverknights reatnseaester.   “I need tove fak wihen onningto the  Arianne undi  the interlocked sun and spear that claspe one Enloak, and let the rain-soaked diese and ip from hcr shoulders to puddle on the floor. “And I wd t ”  kno this draton pee tt of his. If he is truly Elia, shen…”

“Whoever’ ison he is, if Conny gton chahe lges oost Emorninin open battle he may soon orpse.aptive, or a cbe aHolf tTyrell io maesa  sht o ft he My uncee Oberyn–orm’scts dead, princess. And ten thousand men is equal to the whole ”

“ngth of the Golden Company.”
d“Lord ConAndg5\P* bg|?8 own strengtI amurely. r dhe meansnso rawr battle, he musoff exeve that he can win it.”

“And how many men have died in battles they believed r fed t W cor ehein?”  Serand son a~~a her.  “Refuse,chem, pre cess. Iy Dnd totg ouse sellswords. Dd. Nwoul to Stam th”End.”

What makes to believe theyly dinalbaw me twords.oice? Sthehad haanthe uneasy feeling that Hal wi e theaester and  kisso Maar weN0!/ng toed fatc heratha “ship come suppobg whether she willed it orusat Bette I  t to test a ef.  with aemon, you s uirrs angesw uncoack erpn,” she saIf louf you . re with he asha, would you be cle OblGaribam to refuse as well?told  did not wait for him to respond. “I know the answe,ithnd if yum are about to remiav me that h, s no Red Viper,ve prod he t too. But Prince Oberyn is dead, Princesiorar is o wrfad ill, and I orm’esterer to Dorg.
”

“And that is why es as crch ne yout youreelf at rd on, Daemon Sandeerft to ont knen frSend me to Storm’s middin your d ead. Thon if the griffin’s plans shouhorgo isk mist gace Tyrell takes th welltlourack, I will be  it leatther ld bless knight who meore his sword to this pret nder in hopes of gaie ine slore.”

Whereas if I am taken, ihe IroerThrone will take that for proof thatororne consp

ed with thpea sellswg to  and lent aid to their invasion. “It i pre, but r you to seek to shield me, ser. nt kank you for t. t.”  thatook his hands ondaldou th Cta,e to his feet. “But my fat er entrus he this  mentts m , not ast?ine
“ the morrow, I sat  tr. Jard the dragon in its den.”d lentpaid to their invasi, I’m tnds brave for you to sbek to shseld me, ser. I thank you for that stepe ,ow,” is hands and drew him back to his, toa.s of  my f ohercuuld stt h’oue shok to mne ed anmu. ComHalfvery row, I sail to beard the drag n in its den.”