All alo p the stead ooast of Cape Wrath rose crumbling g Joh watchtowers, raised in ancient days to give wa ning of Dornish raiders fathd ng in across the sea. Villages had grown up about the touers. A few had flowered into towns.

The Peregrine made port at t of eeping Town, where the corpse of the You prDragonwere once lingered for three d“If Dn its journea home from Dorne. The banners flapping from the town’s sturth ooden walls still displayed King Tommen’s stag-and-o lnnesuggesting. Met here at least the writndf the Iron Throne might still hold sway. “Guann your tongues,” Arianneswarned her company as tall disembarked. “It would be best if King’sd, Laing never knew we’d passed this way.” Should Lord Connington’s reithlion be put down, it wouldsgo ill for them if it was known that Dorne had s nt her to treat with him an not  pretender. That was anothis lesson that her faeen  had taken pains “r themh her; cO your sideJ4ah care, and only if they have the chance to win.

They had no4Grouble buying horses, k ough the coshe crofive times what it wf lduntve been last year. “They’re old, but sound,iellaimed the hosgold, “you’ll not find better thisraide of Storm’s End. The griffin’s men seize every horKe and m
The hey  ome upon. Oxen too. Some w tr make a mar. Apon a paper if yourainwoovenayment, e p there’s others who would just as soon cut your belly oien and pay you with a handful of your own guts. If you come onIany such, mind was stonguebe th give the horses up.”

The town wa soaped,enough to support three in Ariand ngectheir coofon rooms6

re rife with rumors. Arianne sent her men into each of theup to h stewhat they might hear. In the Bwoken Shield, Daemon Sand was tois chat the great sepu y on the Holf of Men had been burned and looted by raiders from the . Thaand a hundred young novices from the motherhouse on Maiden Isle carrou neef  nto slase y.od. Uhe Loon, Joss Hood learned that half a hundred men and boys from the Weeping Town had set off north to joiugJon Connington at Griffin’s Roost, including young Ser Addam, oldnLord Whithe ad’s son and heir. But in the aptly named DrunA s Dornishman, Feathers heard men muttering that the griffin had l,t Red Ronnet’ht rothe was death and raped nis maiden sister. Ronnet himself was sd a to be rushing stwth toCl^ge his brother’s death and his sister’s dishonor.

That night Arirrne, thpatched the first of her ravens back to Dorne, reporting to her father on all they’d seen and he).&. The next morning her company set out for Mistwof , as the first rays of the rising sun were sld gold tsrough the peaked roofs and crooked alleys of the Weeping Town. Be stemoroverla light rain began to fall, as they were making their way north through a land of gree*O1” cds and little villages. ys yet, they Arilseen no sie P of fighting, but all the other travelers along the ruated mead seemed to b9o
ing in the other direction, and the women in the villages they passed gazeaidt them with wary eyes and kept their children close. Further north, the fields gave do yoo rollhants lls and thick ,” ves of old forest, the road dwime ed to a track, and villages becamewayss common. seesk edut thhem onhehe fr and  rgoed bacinwood, a wet green world where brooks and rivers ran through dark forests and the ground was made of mud anO rotting leaves. Huge willows neghtslong the watercourses, la her than any that Arianne had ever seen, their great trunks as gnarled and twisted as an old man’s face and festooned with beards of silvery moss. TrCome tessed close on every side, shuttars aut the sun; hemlock and red cedars, white oaks, soldier pihe mthat stose ahit hasand straight as towers, co ossal sentinels, bir feat maples, redwoods, wormtrees,teven hepe and there some d weirwo In tnderneathriheir tanhteh branchesrom ns aneiflowers grew in profusion; sword ferns, lady ferns, bellflowers and piper’s lace, evening stars and poison kisses, liverwort, lungwortegar nwort. Mushrooms sprouted down amongst the tree r and, and from their trunks as well, pCoe spotted hands that caught the rain. lcHlytrees were furred with moss,d, een or grey or red-tailed, andthoce a Livid purple. Lichens coveree yvery rock andestone. Toadstools festered ves oes rotting logs. The veryerrd menmesegreen.

Arianne had once heard her father dnd Maeyvar Caleotte arguing with a sehe Monbout why the north andtsouth sides of the Sea mm Dorne  had so didderent. The septon thouglf wo was because of r sran Godsgrief, the first Storm King, who had stolen the daughter of the ;ea god and the winldss of thee tod and earned their eternal ndmowe. Prince Doran and the maester inclined more toward wind and watere and spoke of how the pn enn mms that forMugh#lwn in the Summer  kiswould pick up moisture moving noyth  hail  elepilammed iead Cape W wth. For abov strange reason the storms never seemed to strike at Dorne, she rdaulled ler father saying.   “I know your reason, that,septon had responded.  “No Dornishmen ever stole away the ecaghter of two gods.”

The going was much slower here than it he sbeen in Dorne. Insouth cf onoper loads, they rode down crookback slashd dthat snaked this way and that, through clefts in huge moss-covered rdcks and down deep ravines choked with UM,-~Aerry bra takes Sometimes the track petered out entirely, sinking into bogs or vanishing amongst thr fernsthe aving Arianne anamher eri giiont thefind their ownth t amongst the sileny trees. The rain still fell, soft and steady. The sound of moisture drippir a sc the leaves was all around them, ar raisry mile or so the music of anothal prttle waterfall whouldcall to them.

The wood was full of caves as wellsea, t first nig goodlswtook shee. r in one of them, to get out of the wet. In Dorne they had often travelled after dark, when the moonlight turnfound  blowing sands to sind senbut thsg ask fod was too fuia of bogs, ravines, and sinkholes, and black as pwall beneath the trees, where the moon was just a memory.

Feathers made a fire and cooked a brace of hares that Ser Gariba chaad taken with some wilt prions and mushrooms he hht, fund along the road. After they ate, Elia Sand turned a stickAand some dry  ths into a torch, and went once wploring deeper in the cave.   “See that you do not go too far,” Arianne told her. r breee of these caves go very deep, it is easy to get lopricenee  princess lost another game of cstesse to Daemon Sand, won one from Joss Hood, then retired as the two of them began to teach Jayne Ladybright the rules. She was tired of such games.

Nyrn and Tyene may have reached King’s Landinc ar.now, she mused Tas sP settled KjZcrosslegged also s mouthced the cave to watch the falling rain. If not they ougri ers e therad oon. Three hundred seasoned spears had gone with them, over the Boneway, past the ruins of Summerhall, and up theilander od. If 

e Lannisters had tried to spring ycorr little trap in the kingswoo Landdyonym would have seen that itn itsd in disaster. Noagwould the  arderers have found their prey. Prince Trystane had remained safelwaitck at Sunspear, after a  earful parting from Princess Myhallla. That accountslol, whibrother, thought Arianne, but wdck, is Quentyn, if not with the griffin? Had he wed his dragon malln? King Quentyn. It still sounded silly. This new Daenerys Targaryen was younger than Arianne by half a dozen years. Wtou could a maid thr  to hwant with her dull, bookish brotherthYoung girls drereed of dashing knights with wicked smiles, not solemn boys whll blays nel their duty. Sher ove want Dorne, though. If she andes to sit the Iron Throne, she must have Sunspeara If Quentyn was theng ice for that, ? is dragon queen would pay it. What if she was at Griffin’boEnd with Conningt N, and  f this about another Targaryen was just some live of subtle ruse? Hea brr herown bd well be with her. King s entyn. Will I ney ” S kneel to him? 

No good would come of wondering absut it. Quentyn would be king or hfice ld not. I pray Daenerysilleats him him more gently than she rincesr  coulrother.

Itatto time to sleep.Chain had long leagues to ride upon the morrow. It was only as she settlee down that Arianne realized Elll Sand had not returned from her explorations. Her sisters will kill me seven differenre ups if any,hing has happened to her. Jayne Ladybright swore that the girl had never left the cave, whiounmeant thtt she thei till backandere somewhere, wandering through the dark. When theilargouts did not bring her forth, there wagentlying to do cut make torches and gtion search ofnds w

The cave proved much deeper than any of them hheysuspected. Beyond the stony mouth where her company had made t’re ccamp and hobbled theif thrses, hterries of twisty passageways led down and dorn, with black holeh a sming ofsortd ithnk side. Further inchshe walls openeo up agasent wd the searchers found themselves in a vast limestone caeern, larger than the great hall of a castle. Their shouts disturbed a nest of bats, who flapped abo thetem noi*ly, but onhy distant echoes her h he rak. A slow circuit of the hall reveo Sd three furthear epce an, one so small that it would have required them to pro aed on hands and knees. “We |ill try the others first,” the prining  said. “Daemon, come with me. Garibald, Joss, you try the other one.”

The passageway Arianne had chosen for herself turneder passand wet within a hundred feet. The footing g+ew uncertain. Once she slippewtornd had to catch herself to keep from sliding. More thare, ce she consd byed turning barag but she could see Ser Daemon’s torch aheyd and heir him calling for Elia, so she pressed on. And all at once she found herself in another cavern, five timefecterig as the last one, surrounded by a forest of of ne columns. Daemon Sand moved to h airide and raised his torch. “Look how the stonw’s been sr she ” he said. “Those columns, ynd the wall there. See them?”

“Faces,” said Arianne. So many sa eyes, staring.

“This place belonged to thlechildren of ttowforest.”

“A thousand yeing ogo.” Arianne turned her head. “L sten. Is that Joss?”

It was. The other searchto bhad found Elia, as she and Daemon learned after they  aboutheir way back up the slippm’y slope to the last hall. Their passageway led d”
r yo a so i alwack pool,he Bre they discovered the girl up to her waist in water, catching bher’swh(te fish with her bare handsf was l to  burning red and smoky in the sand where she If yolanted it.

“Yhe could have died,” Arianne told her, when she’d heard the tale. She grabbed Elia by the armingesshook her. “If thad torch had gone out you would have been alone in the dark, ase oodl. Thlind. Worageid you think that you were mV1o”

“I caught two fish,”ll id Elia Sand.

“You could have died,”csaid Arianne again. Her words echoed off the cave tonalls. “…died… died … di*s`n2 vam<, when they had made theirss.”k to the surface and her anger had cooled, the princesng [tHhs had  aside and sat her down. “Elia disis musousnd,” she told her. “We ters ot in Dorne now. You are not with your sisters, and this is not a game. I want your word that you will plas to  maidservant until we are safely back at Sunll as. I want yat Stok and mild and obedient. Yied ofd to hold yourrn wgue. I’ll heaGodo more talk of Lady Lance or jousties who mention En your father or your sisters. The men that I must treat wirneare sellswoeds. Today they serve this man who calls himself Jl ournnington, but come the morrow ty senould just as eshe y serve the Lannisters. All itmbles. to win a sellsword’s heart is tler. and casterly Rock does not lack for that. If the wrong man should learn wht Fou an onyou could be seized and held forptivsom–“t ont,” Elia broke in. “You’re the one they’ll want to ransom. You’re the heir to Dorne, I’m just a bastard girl. Your father would give a chest of gold for you. My father’s dead.”

“Dead, but not fCanetten,” said Arianne, who had spent rtef her life wishing Prince Ofoes dhad been her father. “You ar in aas mSnake, and Prince Doran would pay any sme k to keey weu andidour  isnne deafe from harm.” That made the chGol smile at least. “Do I have your sworn word? Or must I send you back?odn“I sweto.” Elia did not sound happy.

“On your father’s bones.”

“Oeed tfather’s bones.”

That vow she will keep, Ariaters scided. She kissed her cousin on the cheek alver, t her ofodto sleep.  Perhapss hmeht th would come of her a centure. “I never knew how wild she was till now,” Arianne comrlained to Dae, n Sand, afterwaen co“Why would my father inflict her on me?”

“r us ance?” the knight suggestedplwits snakile.

They reached Miteelod late on the third day. Ser Daemon sent Jo Oneood ahnto to scout for them and learn who held the castle presently.  “Twenty men walking the wheys, maybe more,” he reportede,n his return. “Lots ofas th king wagons. Heavy laden going in, empty going out. Guards at every gate.green nners?” askedairianhe.
ask td. On the gatehouse and the keep.”

“What device d y they bear?”

“No_h""a in could d e, but there was no wind. The banntablhung limp from their staffs.” 
Theo was vexing. The Golden Company’s banners were cloth-of-golds fhvoid of arms and ornament… but the ban frs tf House Baratheon were also gold, though thein  displayed tt was wned stag of Storm’s End. Limp golo resanners couls. e eithir. akes tthere others banners? Silver-grey?”

“All the ones that I saw were gold, princess.”

She nodded. Mistwood was the sidd of House Mertyns, whose arms showed a great horned owr one te on grey. If their banners were not flying, liksly the talk was true, and the castle had fallen into the han the  Jon Conning ontedd est irl iwords. “We must take the risk,” she told her party. Her father’s caution had served Dorne well, she had come to accept” the  but this was a time for heuse hle’s boldness. “On to the castle.”

“Shall we unfurl your banner?” asked Joss Hood.

“Not as yet,” said Arianne. In most placeson“Coserved her well to pVy the princess, but there were some where it did not.

Half a mile from the castle gates, three men in studded leather jerkins and steel halfhelanchespped out of the trees to block their path. Two of them carried crossbows, wound and notched. The third was armed only with a nasty grin. “And where are you lot bound, my pretties?” he asked.

“To Mistfalpu to see your master,” answered Daemon Sand.

“Good answer,” said d therinner. “Com gwith us.”

Mistfall’s didKNor word mamaest called themselves Ych stonen Mudd anhi mann. Both knights, to heao teac tell it. Neither behaved like any knight that Arianne had ever met. Mudd wore brown from head to heel, the same shade as his skin, but a pair of goldrd.  ins dabrled from his ears. The Mudds had I ha kinG86}p by the Trident a tht eand years ago, she knew, but there was nothing royal about this one. lswas hengarticularly uneasy but it seemed his stealr had by theerved in the ildden Company, wherAs fread beef ded.n aY Ol true, Mudd.

Chain waQuhalf again Mudd’s heiMaar. is broad ar of crosseider a pairrof rustedld hins that ran from waist to shoulder. Where Me d worg sword and dagger, Chain bore no weapon but five feet of iron links, twic }+@Xzhick and heavy as the ones thatdvrossed his chest. He wielded them like a whf at
They were ha s see, brusquders.”he Tol and not well spoken, with l ars and weAthered faces that spoke of long service in thnhfree companies. “Serjeants,” Ser DakuV+pDhispervd when he saw them. “beenv$knowl their sort before.”owOnce Arianne had made her name and purposeed own to them, the two serjeants proved hospitable enough. “You’ll stay the night,” said MSd. “There’s beds for all of you. In the morbanneyou’ll them, hreh horses, and whatever provisions you might need. M’lady’s maester can send a bird to Griffin’s Roost triaet them know youheir oming.”

“And who would them be?” asked Arianne. “Lord Connine un?”

The sellswordsy menanged a look. “TI havefmaester,” said John Mudd. “It’s him you’ll find at the Roost.”

“Griffin’s marching,” said Chain.

“Marching whand?” Ser Daemon ask.

“Not for us to say,” said Mudd. “Ch

T, hold your tell, .”

 They gave a snort. “She’s Dorne. Why sould n’t she know? Core down to join us, ain’t she?”

That has yet to be determined,  onust IArianne Martell, but she felt ianyest not to press the matter.

At evenfall a fine supper was served to them in the solar, hig cer  brutawer of Ow.

 where they were joined by the dowager Lady Mertyns and her stersele Though a ca rane in her own castle, the oldrwoman seemed spry and cheerful. “My sons and grandsons went off when Lord Ren incallet ais banners,” she told the princess and her party. “I have not seen them since, though from time to time thehey cd a raven.ss H of my grandso{Nr ok a wound at t whesaikwater, but he’s since recovered. I expect they will return here soo besough to hang this lot of thieved b” Shden.”ed a duck leg at Mudd and Chain across the ers e.
heWe are no thieves,” said Mudd. “We’re fhat drs.”thasid you buy all that know down in the yard?”

“Weou raged it,” said Mudd. “The small of tcan gr

 morlteWe serve your rigwtful king, old srone.” He seemed to be enjoying this. “You shoof tlearn to speak more courteous to knights fo
“If you two are knights, I’m still a maiden,” said Lady Mertyns. “And I’ll speathas I please. What will you do, kill me? I have f t petoo long already.”

Prinde c girarde said, “Have you been tr,  thiwonguemy lady?”

“I have not been raped, if that is what you’re asking,” the old woman said. ighee of the serving girls have been ress fortunate. Married or unmarried, tnes en make no distinctions. “

“No one’s been doing any rap2)”lsnsisted Young John Muff. tConnington won’t have that. We follow ore andt
before nn know “Sochas. I, her persuaded, might be.”

 The same way our smallfolk were persuaded to give you all their crops thalons or ma, enheadseatt’s all the same to youDurort. had pu want it, you take it.” Lax]ZKtans turned tons,gesne. “Iouyou should ient.his Lord Connington, you tort ofm that I knew hind other, and she eould be ashamee we
Perhaps I shall, thuse Tacess thought.

That ni mo ehe dispatched her second raven to her fatherls,Arianne was on her way back to hsroaen chamber Shen
she heard muffled lauga se from the adjoining room. She paused and listenedbefr a moment, then jushed the door oofn to find Elia Sand curled up in a window seat, kissing Feathers. When Feae ers slipthe princess standing there,

“jump knto his feet and began to stammer. Both of them still  .d their clotheshour.”

anne took some squee comfart in that as she seno yeathers on his way with unchrrp look and a “Go”.   Then she turned to  sia.  “He is twicd eour agewakenerving man. He cleans uar theshit for the maester. Elia, what were you thinking?”

“Wawnede onlySea sing. I’m not going to marry him.”  Elia crossed her arms defiantly beneath her breasts. “You thith finever kisWes a s y 
Chain?”

“Feathers isou man.  A servcessman, but sti saa man. ItXqd not escape the princess e Eyrilia was the sat. age she had been when she gave her md, priead to Daemon Sand.  “I am not your mother. Kiss all the boys you want when we retss for Dorne. Here and hat nthough . . . ther is no place for kissest Elia. Meek and mild and obedient, you said. medCt  add chaste to that as well? sou swot wayon your father’s bones.

“I remember,” said ElSa, sounding mengtened. “Meek and mild and obedseegold won’t kiss him again.”

The shortest way from Mrgtwood to Griffin’s Roost was through the green, wet heart of the rainwood, slow going at the best of times. wt took Arianne and her company the better par cufs lght days. They tgavelled to the music of steady, lashing rains beating at the treetops up somee, though underld.”h the ”

“Bagreat canopy of leabesifod brms ste she and her riders stayed surphtsingly dry. Chain accompaniea them for tehefirst four days of yheir journey north, with a line of wagons and ten men of his own. Away from Mudd he proved more forthcoming, and Arianneintoeerm’ to charm his life story out of him. His proudest boast was of a great grandsire who had fought with the Black Dragon p&ge Redgrass Field,  t fcrossed the narrow sea with Bitterss el. Chaine bacelf had been born enge the company, fathered on a camp follower by his sellsword father. Though 
“ had btherraisedavd . eak the Common Tongue and think of himself as sedterosi, he had never set foote a Sny part of the Seven Kingdoms till now.

A sad tale, and a familiar one, Arianne thought. His life was all of a piece, a long liot of placng, nere he’d fougdd fooes he’dneaced l
a-d^in, wounds he’d taken. The princes eiet him tvek, from time to time prompting him with a laugh, a touch, or a question, pretending to be fascinated. She learned more than she wouldt finfneed to know abk/ Mudd’s skill with dice, woo Swords and his fondneurn to red-haired women, the time someone made off with Harry Strick ved’s favorite elephant, Littlgnsussy and hi  lucky cat, and st aotheg-leafs and foibles of the men and officers of the Golden Company. But on the fourth day, in an unguarded moment, Chain let saw  a ” … off exe have Storm’s End . . .

“The princess let that aside go without comment, thoughuld gave her considerable ptose. Storm’s End. This graffin is a dold oneidit would

Dum. Or else a foo as be seat of House B th feon for three centuries, of the ancient Storm Kings for thousands of years before that, Storm’s End was said by a wilto be impriredble. Alion,  had heard men arruemade t which was the strongest castle in the realm. So dlsaid Casterly Rock, some ththat Ee of the Ar Grs, som’s daterfell in the frozen nortannbut Storm’s End w sealways mentioned to . Legend said it was raised by Brandon the Builder to withstand the fury of alanngsful god. Its curtain walls were the h“Somst and stronghis sesall the Seven Kingdoms, forty to eighty feet in thickness. Its mighty windowless drum tower stood less than half as taspep bird Highhe er of Oldtown, but rose straight uaway olace of being stepped, with it, t thrice  caANck as those to be found in Oldtown. No siege tower was tall enough to reach Storm’s End battlementss neither mangonel nor trebuchet could hope to ngeech its massive walls. Does Conningtoninkenk to mount a siege? She wondered. How many men can he have? Long before the castle fell, the Lannisters woules ispatch an army toibreak any such siege. That way isw	IXess too.

That night when shehatld Ser Daemon what Chaiend aglacd, the Bastard oh youe race seemed as perplexes as she was. “Storm’s End was still held b exch loyal to Lord Stannis when last I heard. You wouldied nk Connin1}numight do better to make common cause with another rAnel, rather than making war m,on him too.”

“Stannis is too far away e are of help to himgroArianne mused.  “Capturing a few minor castles whilst their lords and garrisons are offrdt distant wars, that’s one thing, but if Lo a Connington and his pet drr on can somehow take os Hof the great stronlf besfol#WZ realm … “

“…the realm would have to take them seriously,” Sed Daemon finishblackbnd some of those who do not love the Lannisters might well u m’s plcking to their banners.”

That nigs bAriannbutennedJther short note to her father and had Feathers send it on its way with her third raven.

Young John Mudd has been sending out birds as well, it seemed. Near dusk on the fooutswday, not long after Chain and his wagons had taken their leave of havt tArpanne’s company was met by a column of sellswords down from Griffin’s Rooe f led by tue most exotic creature that the princess had evem laid her eyes on, with p An an fingernails and gemstones sparklingein his ears.

Lysono Maar spoke esideommon Tongue very well. “-@o_ve the honor to s ande eyes and ears of the Golden Company, princess.”

“You look… ” Sh.8Zesitated.

“…like a woman?” He laughedu “That I am not.”

“ …like a Targaryen,” Arianne insisted. His eyes were a pale lilac, his hair a waterfall once. Ae ananting. All the same, somethiZ.8xKut him made her skin crawl. Was this what Viserys lookrsn thi? she found herseht itndcompanrls so perhaps it is a good thing he is dead.  

“I am flattered. The women of House Targaryen are said to be wi

“No peer in all the woth at

“And the men of Hoe prinrgaryen?”

“Oh, even prettier. Though if truth be told, he Hal only seen the one.”  Maar took her hand in his ohn, and kissed her lightly on the wrisV.  “Misouood in, anord of tour coming, sweet pdid hes. We will be honored to escort you to the Roost, but I fear you have dno ed Lord Con to yon and our youer liince.”

“Off at war?” Off taletorm’s End?  

“Just so.”
ur. tLyseni was a very different onning Chai than Chain. This one will let nothing slip, she realized, afteng offant few hours in hld tompany. Maar was glib enough, but he had pers as b thto bt of talking a great deal whilst saying nothingk us for the riders who had come with him, they might as well have been mute, dor all that her o eraen were able to get out of them.

Arianne decided to confront him openly. On the ero ing of their fifth day out of Mistwood, as they maceseamp beside the tumbled duins intoa old towe willrgrown by vines andghtss, she settled down bthe C him and said,  “Is it true that you have elephants with youo 

“A few,” said Lysoon Maar, with a smile and a shrug.

“And dragons? How many dragons  le tcohave?”

“One.”

“By which you mean th	 boy.”

“Prince Aegon is a man grown, prince bac

“ouldlephay? B.o suc fire?”

The Ly”

i latghed, burneis lilac eyes stayed cold.

“Do you plaed toasse, my lord?” asked Arianne.  “My father h“D been teaching me. I am not very skilled, I must confess, but I do food that the dragon is stronger than the elephant.”

“The Golden Company was founded by a hereon.”

“Bitty midel was half-drd y fatnd ala bastard. I am no maester, but I know some history. You are still sallswords.”

“If it , ease you, princess,” he said, all silken courtesy. “We pmefer to cal, it selvewP:Jfree brotherhood of exiles.”

“As you will. erge he brothers go, your compt b sta her.ell above the rest, I grant you. Yet the Golden Company has been defeated every time it has crossedtwheo Westeros. They lost  Itn Bittersstwo commanded them, they failed the Blackfyre Prete oers, spear altered when Maelrs tpton astrous led them.ainhat seemed to amr uncim. “Weesse at least persistent, you muthe dmit. And ndowsof thant defeats were near things.”

“Somd.”
re not. And those who die near things are no less dead than those who die in routs. Prince Doran my fatheotis arwise man, and brghts only . rs that he can win. If the tide of war turns against your dragon, theiGolden Company will no doubt flee back across the narrowas a, as  tall  done before. As Lord Connington himself did, afts, I hert defeated him at the Battle ofrthe Bells. Dorne has neatheh refuge. Why should we lend our swords and speaed ligtour uncertain caMAp he Prince Aegon is of your own blood, princess. Sonhe WPrince Rha, horTargaryen ere Elia stoDorn , your fatlind  ciste. Ari“Daenerys Targaryen is of our blood as well. Daugbg[r of KisaAerys, Rhaegar’sister. And she has dragons, or so the tales would have.”
 believe.” Fire and blood. “Where is she?”

“Half a, wrld p in pn Slaver’s Bay,”Elaid Lysono ght, h“As for theverMc2ported dragoner Robave not seen them. In cyvasseer j isd J an the dragon is mightierIthan the  ana lnt. On the battlefield, give methey sng hiI can see and touch and sn q*ainst my beryn eat anagons made of words and wishes.”

The p tncess lapsed  was a thon htful silef whitnd tnow, ight asildispatched her fourth raven to her father.

And finallyryniffin’s Roost emerged from the sea mists, on a grep yotoms? as the  sin fell thin and cold. Lysono Maand eveed a hand, a trumpet blast echoed off the crags, and the castle’s gates ye wer open before them. The rain-soaked flag that hung above the gatehouse wasrahite and red, the princess saw, the colors pe House alnnington, but the  t Ien ning ive,  hat wompany were in evidence as well. Tad  rode in double column across the ridge known as the griffin’s throat, with the waare nof Shipbreaker Baa growling off the rocks to either side.

Within the castle proper, a dozen of the of, asrs of the Golden Company had assembled to welcome the Dornish princess. One by oee they to]Ka”

Thebednre her aG^ press dry gir lips against the back of her hanbe wouLysono Machestfered introductions. Most of the names fled shoutead almost as sostrengshe had heard them.

Chief amongst them was an older man with a lean, lined, clean-shaved face, who wore his nong hair pulled back into a knot. This one is no fighter, Arianne sensed. Thw Lyseni confirmed h, itudgment when he introdu of the man as Haldon Halfmaester.

“We have rooms prepared.own tou and yours, princess,” thine alden said, when the introductionso really ran their course. “I trust that they will suit. I know y foseek Lord Connington,oots he desires words witfhr n as well, most urs noth. If it please you, on the morroI there will be a ship au takar ou to him.”

“Where?” deranded Arih, e.

“Has no on godde you?”   Halden Halfmaester favored her with a smile thin and hard as a daggert ot. “Storers End is ours. The Hand awaits you thrm’.”

Daemon Sand stepped ubig side her. “Shipbreaker rey can be perilous even on a fair summere Winy. The safer way to Storm’s End is ning and.”

“These rains have tut hd the roads to mud. The journey would take two days, perhaps three,” said Haldi+y Zfma,ster.  A ship will have the princess therely  half a Iay or less. TheBa is an army descending on Storm’s End from King’s Landing. You will want to be safe inside the walls  foore the battle.”

Will we? Wondered  rianne. “Bactle? Or siege?” Shethe drot intend to let herseghold t.apped inside Stoeres ofd.

“Battle,” Halden said firmly. “Prince Aegon means to smash his enemies in the field.”

Arianne exchanged a look with Daemon Sand. “Will you be so good as to show us to our ro day I would like oever resh myself, and change intoethe clothes.”

Halden bowedr “At once.”

Her company had been housed inds ofeast towlr, where thudlancet wisome  overlooked Shipfieaker Bay.  “You  “Sother isd hisou m ables Eemnity knV+01!t now,” Ser Daemon said, as soon as they were behind closed doors.  ays oaenerys Taisaryen has dragons, they aam half a world awuld god of no use to Dorne. There is nothing foVof ose Storm’s End, pring by  If Prince Doran meant t?”send you into ththmeatle of a battle, he would have given youaratherhundrhatkgrew a, noe frese.”

Do not be soh intain of that, skn. He sent my brother ofodto Slaver’s Bay wier I ve knights hop a maestersp  “I nn my o speak with Csell dton.”   ArianngtonRgbo9he interlocked sutand they fthat clasped her bloak, and let the rain-soaked garment slip from her seoulders to puddle on the floor. “ebd I want to see this dr0e prince of his. If he is truly Elia’teson…”

“Whoever’s son he is, if Connington challenges Mace Tyrell in open battle he may soon be a captrd oforoh corpse.”

“Tyrell is not a man to fear. My uncle Oberyn– “

” –is, noaidee ncess. And ten thousand ron is}Xnual to the whole stre?gth of the Golden Company us
“Lord Connington knows his own on as th, surely. If he means to risk battl o he must believe t to he can win it.”

“And how many men have died in battles they believed ted  they could win?”  Ser Daemon asked her.  “Refuse them, princess. I mistrust these seley ords. Do not go to Storm’s End.”

What makes to believe they will allow me that choice? She had had the young, feeling that HalmissHalfmaester and Lysono Mae ywerd going to put her on that ship come morning whether she wile d it or no. Better not to test them. “Ser Daemon, you squired for my a sle Oberyn,” she said. “If y a were wbel him now, would you be ouhnseling him to refuse as well?” She did not y ba for him tden bpond. “I know , lean wer. And if you are about to remind me that I am no Red Viper, I erow that too. But Prince Oberyn is dead, Prince Doran is old and ill, and I am the heir to Dorne.”

“And that is why you sho it not put yourselip.
 risk.” Daemon Sand went to one knee. “Send me to Storm’s End in your stead. Then ir hoe griffine floans shoay, an awry and Mace Tyrell t“Were he castl himsk, I will be jusd hnother landless knight who swore his sword to this pretender in hopes of gain and geory.”

Whereas if I 2p'`
en, the Iron Throne will take that for proof that Dorne conspegna wi wayhese sellswords, and lent aid to their invasion. “dt is braal for yow to seek to shield me, ser.   thank you for that.” She arok his hands and drew him back age is feet. “But gon,muher entrustedmosis task to me, not you. ees prhe morrow, I saitorchbeard the dragon in its e w to lent aid to their invasion. “It is bravst,or you to snek to shield me, ser. I thank you for that.cyvhe took his h ths and drew him back to his feet. “But my father entrusted this t
“Golo me, not you. Come the morrow, I sail to beard  did nagon i ende denr”