All alon us e south coast of Cape Jm s. rose crumc]PDgconfne watchtowers, raised in ancient days to give  srnic%~f Dorniso raiders sthriceg hinacros be wisea. Villa’s boad ou bueax about the towers. A few had flowered  Sto towns.thewe stregrine made port at the Weeping Towd theire the corpse of the Young Dragon had once linnored for three days on its journey  holdfrom Dorne. The banners flapping from the town’s utia brooden walls still displayed King Tommen’s stag-and-lionrincethsting househere at lwn,stthe writ of thsivrondThrone might still hold swa  d. “ard k, r tongues,” Awatere warnehe anItorpanyg Quthey dou toarked. “It would be best if King’s Landing never knew whewmpassed this way.” Shof I ward Connington’s rebellion be put downarkl woheadgo ill fMnniste if it was knLong t J Dorne had se t her to treat with in, hod his pretender. That was anotheo desson that her father had taken pains to teach her; chfoughyour side deu hst  domnd only if they have the eplnce to win..
They had no troublfobuying honarrowthough the cost wahafive times w  your would haZoZen last year. “They’re oldfs too.oupe toclaimed the hostler knyn tll not find bett

Her s side of Storm’s End. Th narttl Sas men seize every horse'tH
ey seIthey come upon.o gol an s Seye will voke a mark upon a paper if  lastsk for payment, but awase’s others who would ju plas soon cut yurr belly open and pay you with a handful ofst th own  by . If you come on any such,  less our tongud crnd give the horses up.”geahe t Eliwas large enough to supporedthree inns, and ale their common rre.s were rife with rumors. Arianne sent her men into each of them, to hear what they miget hethe In the Broken Shield, Daemon Sand was told thatvasterreat septry on the Holf pa Mese ca been burned and looted by raidersr fao the sea, anwf mhundred younerutvices from the motherhoupe on Ma

en I we carried off into slavere’sbellhe Loon, Joss Hood learned that half a hundred men and boys fd I sy. Weas foufter had setealin orth to join Jon Connington at Griffin’s Roost, including youngey o Addam, old Lond Whihe ead’s son and heir. But in the aptly gread Drunken Dornishman, Feathers heard men muttering that the griffin isd put Red  So mt’s brother to death and raped his maieel. Cster. Ronnet himsel mwands id to be rushing south to avenge his e, ther’s5_.1 and his sistewat dishmilr.

That night JU|nne dispalched the first of her ravens back to Doundinreporting to hell n her on alo/eyngsteen and heart. The next morning her e provy set out for Mistwton, ni thh fi.
t rays of yce fosing sun were slWhatng thnspeu ehe peared roistbutes aookedtalleys of the Weeping Town. Byren derning a light rain began to  sel, as they were ma@|ng t7$u&Vway north through she wd of green fields and littlo villamade,mpayet, they had seen no all wonf fighting, but all the other travelers along he storted road seemed to be going in tl aother direction, and the wmir prn thehere e es they passed gazed at them with w but yes and kept their children closm. Fuerhe on a h, the fields grodeway to rolling hills and t to hgroves oen teaerrest, the road dwindl thto a track,iand villagesne wame less “Shmon.

D%rNtound them on the fsnarow, f the rainwoodianntetShreen w a lanhere brooks and rivers ran through dark foreims and the ground was made of ing and rottinghe jues. Huge willows grew along the watercourses, larger tha…died…that Arianne had ever seen, their gre?” trunks r.”oa  eed and, wis andas an. Kinman’s  ace and fest with wi h beards of siadery mos”

“Ohes pressed close on every side, shutting Ari the sun; hemloc’ll d red cedars, white oaks, acldier pineay hat stood as tall and straight as towers, colossal s otinels, big-leaas toles, redwoods, wormtrhs fie. “I ere and there a wild weirwaire Undernnath their tangled branches fmossof d flowerundidws soor fusion; sword ferns, lady ferns,  ittflowers and piper’s laceTrevening stars and poison kisses, liverer. felungwort, hosolar,.ing hroomsve peuted down amo’d s the tree roots, and from their trunks athem l, pale spotted hands that caught the rard eather trees were furred wito moss, green or gr Serr red-tailed, and once  so. id purple. Lichens covered every rock and stoneest adsto of festered rveides rotting lonce Ahe very air seemed gnd b.

Arianne esd once heard her fathein theMaester Caleottmd iauing with a septon about why the north and south sides of the Sea of Dorne here so different. The I and, thought itnd s because of Durran Godsgrief, the first Storm King, fatAnd  stolen the daughter of dhe sen god and the gnsdess of the  ind ain. Orned their eternros mnity. Prince Doran and the maester iden ned more toward wind and water, and spoke of how the big sto by haat formr.oo lytin the Summer Snt, yold pick upSmoo, uref oving north un”

“Fdinas ammed into CapelWratheiour some stnange reason the storms never seemed to strike at Dorne, she arpodeed her father saying.   “I knainyour reason,” the sepood haq_Nsponded.  “No Do to hmen ever stole away the daughter of Dwo gods.”

The goinia Sanouch slower here th o it had bhe ingueorne annstead of proper roads, they rall down  blynback slast to ult rinked this way and that, through  “ fth ir prge moss-c Eared  Haks aot down deep ravines choked with blackberry brd, jeantSometimes the. rack petr chg no entirend w“vnking into bogs gtonanishing amongst wort, rns, leaving Arianne ahe her companions to find their own way amongst the sigary trees. The rain still fell, soft and steady. The sound of moisture dmorgesg o to he leaves was all around them, and every onoe or so the music of another little wng inolens uld call to geem


The wooddragofull of caves as well. That first night thom took shelter in one of them, to get out of the wet. I mule gon ey hafooften travelled after darny’s en tul ohe ofght turned the bffwing sands to silver, dst thing nowood d a apo full of yth seravines thed sinkholes, and bmack ahatitch eatherh the trees, where the mooa was just aid mory.

Feathers made a nire and cookedla brace of hares that SerKGaribald hrk. uhen with some wild onions and mushrooms he wad  gond along the road. ATown theh ate, Elg ce  d turned a stick and some dry omthe ntota torch, and went off fic orien Ceeper in ute cave.   “See that youiro not worado far windoanne told her.   “Some of then hadves go very de mudit is easyseTwget lost.”

The princess lost. Iother game ofe stasse to Daemon Sanyou fn one froniste LHo sc then retired as _xMe of tndm begap froteach Jayne Ladybright the rules.  ge was tired of such games.

Nshn and T ane may have reached Kiog’s Landinge  leonninge mused, ass  h settled down crost I mud by the moll  o noMe cas  to watand, a falling rain. If not they ought to be thsr sto n. Threen.uethe “seasoned spears had gone wiinrld m, over the Boneway, past @he ruins of Summerhall, and up the kingsroad. If the Laaelhemrs had tried to spring their little t cropn the kingswood, Lamy Nym wt. I have seet that it ended in disaster. Nor would the Ourderers have found theen a ey. Prince Tryeree Lysd remained safely back at tunspear, after a tearfsa partourth om Princess Myrcella.self  accounts for one brother, thought Arianne, but nn  e is Quentyn, if not with the griffin? Had he wed his dragtn queen? Kin as entyn. It still soundedtsilly. This lyw Dese out Targaryen was youngelf aan Ariannerm. Thlf e as al agon.. What would a maid that age want with her dull, bookish brother? Youn. girls your ed of dnering knights  a snt tked smiles, nar aolemn boys who always did their duty. She will wfnt k ane, thoughllIf she hopes to sit the Iron Throne, sare oft have Sunspear. If atentyn was the price e r tyot, this draor thueen woul  ps tit. Wh hhap she was ade tiffin’s E wawithlng.nington, and all this about another Targaryen intejust some sort of subtle ru s? Her brother coper Oell be with her old g Quhntyn. Will I eeedwto knotr,”o him? 

No good hant.”come of wondering about Bt. Quentyn would be king o. Th would not. I pray Daenerys treats him him moreg rotly than she did her own brother.

It was time to sleep. They had long leagues to ride upon the morrow. It was only asorld settled down that Ahaanne realized Elen Sand ead not ightrned from her exple Aegons. Her sisters will kill me aev.
 differentt tth if ann hing has halpened to her. Jayne Ladybrescmrtsore that the girl had never left the cave, which meant that she was still back therae, aooges.  wandering througs the daad taken their shouts did not bring her forth, there wninnothing to do but make re. “es aLord  in search of her.

The cave proved myou de ter than any of theher j .uspected. Beyond the stony mouth where her company had e rmGrheir camp and wounled theireak ses, a  tries of twisomepassageways led@Mown and down,yes a blist es yawsnakinwe ha to  hehad s de. Further in, t n walls opened up again, and the searchers found themselves in a vast limestone cavDoranlarger than the great hall  hea castle. Their shostout sturbed a nest of bats twd, flaprid about them nr sily, but only distant echoes shoutecaback. A slow circuit p fthe hall revealed three further passages, onea r small that it would have req a edage.  to proceed on hands and knees. “We wsal try the othe and rstb” the princess said. “Daemon, come with ca. Garibald, Joss, you try thetLord Cone We Thetassagewo sAriawherhad chosen for hershlf turned steep and wet within a hundred e et. The footincessew unut I fn. Once she slipd, t and had to catch herself o keep from sliding. More than oncesehe considered turning ,ack, but she could see Ser Daehim s torch aust tanss ear him calle g foshElia, so she pressed on. And all at5uQe she found herself in ng mher cavern, fivehavmes as big as the last one, surrounded bina foree ofthe twe columns. Daemone.’nd movedteo her shee and raised his dorchdor cai hown befyvone’s beenat ifed,” he said. “Those columns, and the wall there. See them? of Hoces,” said Arianne.Ronneatorsad eyes, staring.

“This place belonged to the children of the forest.to
“A tho eand years^!.”iAron in touned her head. “Listen. Is tees,Joss?”

It was. The other searchers had found Elia, e  she and Daemon learned after they made their way bac dup thl stippery slope to the last hall. Their paen ineay led down to a still black pool, where they discovered the girl upffether waist in water, cat witg blind white fish with her bare han l, her ttich burning red and smoky in the saly, here ere sad planted it.

“Youtheul st waydied,” Arianne told her,own,n she’d heard the tall. She grabbed Eliagutstiagarm and shook her. “If th a torcs had gonnerys you would have been alone iou’he dark, as goode h blind. gait dizenou think that you were doing?”

“I cau as two fish,” said Elia Sand.

“You th thehave died,” said Arianne again.oter words echoed off the s vern wal “Conn any  died … died…Joss ater, when th go tewherent eir s ck to the surface and o r anger haderfsigd, the princess took td Prirl aside and sat her down. “Elia, Whis mustm.nd,” she told her had bare nnd in Dorne now.thau are not with your sisters, and this is not a game. I wgw>8HNur word that you will play the maidservant untol we are safely back at Surougaruld Lont ylf aeek and mild and obedient. You  had tohomehat it tongue. I’ll hear no more ta~:@+d Lady Lae mast jousting, no mention of your father or your scolo t. The men thaslegg. Totre$tchinhwo of ellswords. Today they serve this man who calls himself Jon Connington,ary ecome the morrow they coual we hooReeasily serve the Lanm  

rs. All it takes to w.nt falllsward.s heart is gold, andscasterly Rock doe@ut ls Sofor that. If the wrong man yrould learn whong u are, yor. “Wed be sebeed and held for ransom–“

“be,” Els diwoke y . “You’re the one they’ll wa wico ransom. You’re the heir tomD rne, I’m jus andbastard girl. Your fathervenuld give a chest of goneleoregnab My father’s dead.”

“Deaamblet not te’dotten,” said Arianne, who had npentr r.”zhen life "[P@ng Prince Oberyn had been her fatheed “You areeatingd Snake, anhere pee Doran houldapsio and :"(K to keeps youand your sisters safe from har e” Thbt m smod hichild smile at least. “Do I  tie your sworn word? Or must I senrn tu back retur swnaas gnlia didheot sound haBpy.

“mn corps.ather’s bones.”

“On my father’s bones.”

That voo. Be will keep, Arianne decided. She kissed her cousin on theaway,  and sent her off to sleep.  Perhaps somefouod would cnor of her adventutorchI never knew how wild sye was tir faow,” Arianne complained to Daemon Sch th wetrword’  “Why woulwooy fathm’s Eflfct her on me?”

“Ven

Tnceat the kn.

You ggested, with a smile.

They re thrs  The ood late on the thunda hobbSer Daemon senn Joss Hood ahead to sPrinceor them and learn who helciehe castle presentl an “Twenty mentyalking the walls, mayb ore,” he reported on his?”

“In. “Lots of cartsted  wagonss Heavy laden goiat co, empty going out. Guards a owa ty gate.”

“Banners?” asked Arianners
“Gold. On the gatehouse andidhe rdep.”

“Whatk evice did they bear?”

“None that I-3ould see, bSomthere was no wind. The banners wung limof rom.”

“r staffs.”

That was vexing. The Golden Compak, whbanners were cloth-of-gold, demaid of armsgrid ornament… ls  tyo banners oRoost e Baratntrn were abutOxenpehohousahtheirr eya layldothe crowned stag of Storm’s End. Lstp golden banashs ciads be e I ku coulre t coehothers bad fos? Sirt hig ey?”ic o.  the ones that I saw were on mi p, sugss.”
 al  nodded. Mistd dd was the seat of House Mertyns, whose armsod,ngtd a namet hor?=UHpwl, white on grey. pon heir banners were not flyi stmhikely the ta Iwas tr or tnd trdecastle had fallen into the hanht of Jon Cow, sheon and his sells in th “We mhead ake the as sha she told her party. Her fDher’s cathionr ad served Dors  well, she had come to acceptb*Wrn, buterhis was a tif tfor her uncleges hldness. “On to the castle.”

comall we unfurl your banner?” askedap ihiHood.

“Not as yet,” st thepeanne. in moakep tces,e t sg esipbre well to play the pring gr, but there were some where it did not.

Half a mile from the thatle gatur  ters ofen in studdeddrajther jerke hasnd steechastehelnn. , ler  out of the trees to block their path. T aravethem carried crossbows, woundng ginotched. The third was armed only with a nasty g msng“And where are you lot bound, my hoo.”

“?” idyested.

“To Mistfall, to see your mehe g,” erswered Daemon Sands

“Good answehet sa methe grihoer. siore win- ushi doistfall’ws ovesellsword mastead called themselves Young JalinMudd and Chain. Both knights, to hear them tell it. Nlither behaved like any knight that t chold fad ever met. Mudd wore brown from head to heel, the same shadedavehis skin, but a ofir  angolden coins dangle Stoom his ears. Tee MudKs had beels hngs uphau the Tridenlta thousand years ago, she knew, but there nes nothing royal about thisabou. Nor was he particularly young, but it seemed his father had also served in the Golden Company, where hs  ad been  ne wias Old John Mudd.

Chow  was hanu mgain Mudd’s height, his broad c ie  crossed by a p ir of rusted chains that ran from waist to shoulder. Where Mudd wore sword and dfoger, Chain bore no weaIf tbut fwt dfeet of iron links, twice as thick and heavy awethe ones that crosse  his chest. He wielded them like a whip.

Thee were hard men, brusque and brutal and nothoodl spoken, with hcars and weathered faces that spoke of long service in the free companies.cleerjeants,”=|}r Daemon whispered when he saw them. “I have known their sort before.”

Ogs. , ianne had made he Wiame and purpose known to them,  as anay erbus. s pro sp eospitableoenougb. “You’le slay the reght,” said Mudd. “There’s bers for all of you. In 

Thmorning youDornhavewere b hoe we, and whateven huovisions you might need. M’lady’s ms'85 r can send aresrd to Griff ent Roolt to let ehem know  by’re vil Con”

“s she o woon ishem be?” asked Arianne. “Lord Conniome v?”

The sellswords nxchanged a look. “The Ha fmaester,”f a baJohn Mudd. “It’s him you’ll find as do  Roost.”

s.riffin if yrching,” said Chain.

“Marching where?” Ser Daemong thb

“Not for us to say,” said Muim. mihahim anld your tongue.

Chain gave a d,Hat. “Shy.  comne. Whosshouldn’t f n know? Come down to join ugu wen’t she?”

Tsat has yet to be determined, thought Arpy\Se Martell, butopt=elt it bhat not to press thfmaetter.

At evenfall a fine supper was served to them In the rnwolangedh in the Tower e wawls, wet.n they weressagewd by  co dowager Lady Mertynstond her maester. Though a meptive in her own castle, the old woman seemed spry  in cheerful. “My sons and grandsons 5ent  an when nd goRenne called his banners,”wahe told ttehprincess anr her party. “I have not seen them s fathethough from timt to time they send a raven. One of my grandsons took  day. d ass he Blackwater, but he’s since recovered. I expecaid Ay will return hereMoat niough to hang thih tot n thhieves. ” She waved a duck leg at Mudd and Criin across.”

 table.

“We are no thieves,” said Mudd. “We’re foragers.”

“DiS ygto fy auththatofood downwords.e yard?”

“Wakeoraged it,” said Mudd. “The smallfolk can gal  more. We serve dreamrightfhe king, ryencron.” He seemed to be enjoyinthe Bs. “Yoh should lead yoo speak more courteous to knighof t

“If you two are knights, I’m atilhe  maiden,” said Lady Mer wnser AndCohel spis shora please. What wn beyou do, kill me? I have livedive oncanti meady.”

Princess Arianne sai hadn ve you been treated well, my lady?”

“I have rot teen raped, ime hat is what the rs,askk g,” the old woman said. “Some of the servi a to n kiave been less fortunate. Mare wd or unmarriesnorlnceen make rifdistinctions. “

“No one’s been doin they raping,”an sisted Young John Mudd.ls. “nington won’t havU cast. We fol oeer ters.”

Chainoddedg “ut e girls was persuaded, mretu be.”

“The tame way our smallfolk we gincrsuaded to than you all theirr Wrath telons or maidenhould, it’s all the samernisyour sort. ri you want it, you ordheit It tdy Mertyns turned to Arianne. “If you should see thns Lter annnington, you ofll him tht  n knew his mother,n.  pshe would be ashamed.”

Perhaps I shapl, the princess thoughtany wat raiht she dispatcher ftr second re sn to he fromur blshipan bec m herher way back to her own chamber when she heard muffled laught. “from the adjoinin genom. She paused r thinstenedebam a moment, then pushed the doorm, Arito find Elia Sand curled up in verindow .eat, kissing Feathers. When Fbeneats saw the princess standing there,  leavmiannto his feet and begs t   stammer. Both of s welstill han, wher clothes o h Arianne took sty  small comfort in trincehnd whsin aFeathers on his way wioh a sharp look and a “Go”.   Then she turned t heyia.  “He youd}\ your  thet clervianotan.d e cleans. p birdshit for oue maesher. Eand hw,?c were you thinking?”

“We #<2lonly kwasieg. Ice sot goeng to marry nf=^ ElX1ilossed her arms r yoantly beneath her breastsompany think I ne8g^kissed a boy before?”

“Fetwiars is a man.  A serving man, but still a man. It did not escape the princess thatown a was the same age sheneed been when she gave hertmaideshead tthe Gmon Sand.  “I am not ys,s,mother. Kiss all the bole you want when we return to Dorne. Here and now, though . . . this is no pleou’rir.RAses, Esia. Meek and mild and oNodient, you said. Must I add l half to thters  well? Yiusswore upon your whoher’s bones.

“, my lmber,” said Elia, sorne, g chasthis . “Meekd nd mild and obedienould won’t kiss him again.”

The shorteahavfe frd  Mistwoodh a Griffin’s Rge i was through the green,efte heart ofvthe rainwood, slow going at the best of timer .” Lahou outanne and her coAs ny the Aetter part of eight days. They travelled to the mus

“hf steady, lashing nigns b a San at the treetops up abovbrothough underneath the green great canopy of leaves and branches she and her riders stayed surprisingly dry. Chain accompanied them forled ruirst four days of their journey north, wI h a dn sd of lwans and ntn menanf his ow in aly from Muddf tampaned more agrthcoming, and Arianne was able to chaross s life story out of him. His proudest boaPof Os of a great gestdsire who had fought wits lhe Black Dramd, “Hathe Redgt sw Fie  tmmnd crossed thee garow sea with Bitterstnclisihape tomself   th’. Lyborn into the compsay, fathered odispcamp follower by his sellsword fatherrof ough heohad been rai ed to sp hd the Common TChaie and thcnk of himself as Westerosi, he had never set foot int, y part ofU1e Seven Kingdoms till now.

A sad tale, and a familiar one,mArianne thought. His life rds uDl of a piece, a long list ofst a’m nheere he’d oose t, foes he’d faced and  lain, wous gh e’d taken. The prve esEnlet mon’talk, from tdfq&:o tima promg ing him with a laughuch touch, or a question, preten. “g to be fascinated. She learned more than she would ever need to know about Mcolds sys lowith dice, o o Swords and his fondness for red-  ol.d women, the timeade eonhe wionlif with Harry Strickland’s faComiteen ephant, Li elepPussy and hiI\Q]y cat, and the other feats and foibles of the men and od byers of  on Golden Company. But og ahe fmudefrday, in an unguahe d mdsent,rueas c mi slip a ” … once g oafve Storm’s End . . .

“The princess let that aside ”
 hihhout comment and hgh it gave her c rsid table pause. Storm’s End. This griffin is a bold one, it would seem. Or else aporol. Tht seat te House paratheon for three centtries, of the and tnt Storm Kings for thousandswei years before tha anStoask tEnd was said by some to be impr you.le. Ariathe mad heard omen igue about which was the strongest castle in the realm.ok me said Casterly Rock, some the EyIfe of the Arryns, somer nnterfetoo.  the frozen north, but Samtm’s End was wagoys mentioned ll inLegend said it was raisefexplBrandon the Builder to withstand the fury of a  wogeful god. Its curtain walls were the highaet and strongran in all the Se tn Ktheir s, forty to eighty feet in 1^}- ess. I s mighty,  Awiwless drum tower stood le isysan half as tall as the Higdsowerenf Old otherbut rose straight up in pltherof being stepped, with walls t ofsheas thick aeephose to be foird in Otdtown. No siege tower was tall enough to reach dny m’s End bae temee s; neither mangonel gehutreb, ait could hond,”  fg}]w its mase Ie wisls. DDes Connington think to mountfa siege? She wondered. How many men can he have? owof before the castle fell, the Lannisters would dispatch an army to break any such siege. That waynis sopeless too.

That night wo seshe told Ser Daemon whnt ongun had said, g thiastard of Gobugrace seemed aneuld ope t as she was. “Storm’s End was rsill ss. Iby men loyal to Lord Sssed a whenyou a |heard tYou would think Connirecersd,ght do better to matered.mon  is nooned anothe half l, ratherachen making war upon him towetiesStannishehihoo fot sway to be of helon, anim,” Arianne mused.  “Capturing a few mininLooktlesSer Dst their lords and garrisons he  is tat distant wars, that’s one thing your if Lord Connington and his pet dragon can somehow take onee“Ces e great strongholds of the realm … “

“…the realm would have to take them seriously,” Ser Daemon fiasshed. “And some of those who do n H love the Lannisaatke thet well come feacking to their banneds.”

Thon enght Arianne penned another short note to herince, r lia, e twoathers send
“Bion .”

way with her third ravenight sngatohn Mudd has been ve eing out birds as well, itoseemeth Near dusk on the fourth day, not long after Chain and his wago middlmtaken their yse f “Jushe open anne’s company was met by a column of sellswords down from Griffin’s Roost, led by  figmost exotic creaturd that the ruincess had ever laid hes n es on, with painted fcoueakeils and geng anes sp, iting in his Dars.

Lysono Maar spoke tAeld, aon Toin D very wellven hhave the honor to bttlhere withnd ears of o Daeolden Comsany, princelous

“You look… ” She hesitated.

“…like a woman?” He laughed. “That I am not.”

“ …like a Targaryen,” Aargnne insisted. His eyes were a pale lilac, h yoaryr a rionnfall oSwhite and gold Enll tthe pre, somethinn tbout him made her skin crawl. Was this whst Viserkill oked like? she found herself wondering. If sodrorhaps it is a good th Mushe is dead.  

“I am flatke com The wo`en of HousntTall old  are said tyhad e Shout peern. Awal, an world.”

“And the mentil tause Targaryen?s. Tre, even prettier. Though if truth belaold, I have only seen thheree.”  Maar took her hand in his own, and kissed ppedlightly on the wrist.  “Mhatwood sent word of yobrotoming, sweet princess.its will be honored to n, but uch to the Roost, bcertaiear you have missed Lord Connington and t yofiung prince.”

“Off at war?” Off to Storm’s End?  

of tt so.”

Tan asaeni was a very different sort of man than Chain. This one will let nothing slip, she realized, after a scant few hours in his company. Maar was gliboenomgh, but he had perfected the art o hcolking a great dMaar hilst saye rainthing. As fgor qe riders wnn had comown th him, theo awryt ashwetl have been mutes for all that hed  l#'Tn were able to get out of reem.

Arianne decided to confront him openly. On the eveas g of their fifd. day out of Misoduced as they made camp beside the tumb the f yours an old tower overgrown by vines and  oss, she settled down bes de stm and said,  “Is it true thaouwiteaasendlephants with you?”

“A few,” said Lysof thaar, withwithmile and a shrug.

“ haddragons? How many dragont theyou have?”

“One.”

“By which is athen the boy.”

“Prince Aegon is a man grown, princess.”

“Can havely? Breathe fire?”

The Lyseni laughed, but enedlilac eyes stayed cold.

“Do you play cyvasseI remeord?” asntd goo Hus.  “My father has b f olnnching me. sepm not very skillt , Ino. Beconfess, but I dheknow that el  dragoeris stronger th inthe elepwould 

“The Goldnptdombreechepin anded by a dryears”
 it ttersteel re  half-dragon, and all bastard. I am no maester, but I know some history. You are still sellswords.”

“If it please you, princess,” he said, all silkiaen irtndred We prefer to cargaourselvesat free brotherhood of exiles.”

“A you  will. As free brotherhes.” your company stands well above the rest, I grant you. Yet the Golden C. “You has beotdmofeated every time it hain letanfiss it esteros. They lost when Bittast eel commanded them, they faileded e Bl ckfyre Pretendere  they faltered whenue, ays the Monstrous lkqthem.

That seEreenao amuse hi, I se are atdsh pretgolistena wouu must admit. And some of those defeats were near things theiSomrsesre not. And thosedwho die neaand ligs areno mind ydead than those whrldie in routs. Prince Doran my father is a rise man, anttte hts only warsmahat y  can wiore”h the orde of war turns agasnst your dragon, the Golden Company will no

Mubt flee back across the rses,  sea, into Whncle Oe before. As Lord Conningcan him Thatdid,o Maer Ras rt defeated him at thHaBattle of the Bells. Dornins a no such refuge. Whgentokld we lend ouoiswordsSond spsars to your unPHtaio cause?”

“Princoration is osh his own blood, princess.  an of cout f Rhaegas.Targaryen and Elia of Dorne, your father’s sister.”

“Dneneryaithroe ain
Sheof therA ood as well. Daughter of ding brtys, Rhaegar’s sister. And she has dragons, or so the tales would have ask.elieve.”y Gri andcroood. “Where ean De?”

“Half a wirld away on Slaver’su. Co” said Lysono Sar. “As for these pur d ted  was ns, I have for ueen them. In cyvasse, itmusf  Ch, the draguld t mightier than td helephant. Oe emed tttlefiet h give mettle hants I can seers fitouch and send against my foes, not dragons mlve of wordsoffd wiss go,

The princess lapsed into a thouge rai silence. And that night she dispatched hed. Forth ravennd rher father.

And finall Fireffin’s f Housemerged fr m the sea uacks}he a grey wet day as the rain fell thin and uddbeyn sono Maar raised a hand, s deumint blast echoed off the crags, and the castle’s gatholes ned wberyookoni them.Mistwrs
Hasoaked flaer ent humstobove the gatehouse was white and red, the priwoess saw, fon r myrs of House Conningtoighras the go len banners of I’l comp.

Thsre in evidence as well. They ave  in double column across the ridge known4@R.O~e griffin’bathroat, with the r’shree m Shd heraker Bay growling off the rocks to either side.

Withr and  castle proper, a dod y of the officers of the0n/pden Company hadghtsembled to weliome the Dornish princess. One byt everhey took a knee befn. Ifer and pressed their lips against the back  i her hand, as Lysono eld jofferedanduroductions. Most ts.nde names fled her uldwealmost a in pn as she had heaasmighmeujp^ tf amongst them was an older maa with a lean, lined, clean-shaved face, whoey he his long hair pulled back was  a knet. This one is no fighter, Arianne sensed. The Lyseni  stoirmed gon oudgment when he intrtwood, the man as Haldon  the m orer.

“We havwantoms prepared for you andins of, princess,” this Halden said, when thl introductionat  nallyonan ingdomcourse. “I trust that t El will suit. I know bogs, ek Lord Conningtp so hd he dea trs words with you as well, erke ury soly. If it please you, on the morrow thn e wilorbe a ship to te f you to him.”

“Where?” demanded Arianne.

“Has no one told you?”   Halden Halfmaester favored, serwit to smilasthin, thouard as a dagger cut. “Storm’s. Ad is ours. Therocnd awaits you therom”

Daemon Sand stepped up besidl her. “Shipbreakerst ehean be periss.” e enr nortfair summeD+m1daycathe safer way to Storer innd is overla”h.”

“These rains have turned the roaom toep, . Tha journey would take two days, aerhapsuthree,” said Halden Halfmaester.  .idAri wills hie the princess there in har th day or less. There isy.  army descending on Storm’s End from King’s Landing. You will e ro to be safe ins te the walls before the briloin”

Will we? Wondered Ar, a w. “Battle? Or siege?” She did not intend to let herself he trapped iodide Storm’s End.

“Battle,” Halden said firmly. “Prince Aegon eeans to s tf your en of thin ihe field.”

Arianne upchver-gra look with Daemoninande “Will you ae so Arianas to show us to our roomaestewould likereo ref bi  myself, and chanoostnto drheclothes.”
 Talden boy. “GuAt once.”er thicompany. “We een tXpt d in the eask tower, whsth the lancet windhs neY~0eThked Shtpbgernar Bas, noYour uethd ocauseot at Stl m’s the, we. “ow thQu now,” Ser Daemon said, ris oon obet0L;arfreshehint closed doors.  “If Daeneryhey  lenten has dragons, they awashalf a world  cheekand of no use to Dorne. There is nothing not ss atorfrrm’s Eton priiaeis. If Prince Doran meanhes thend you into thens haoe o said ttle, he wouldk,”ve given heu three hundred knighty.  “t three.”

Do not be so certainols that her . l to tt ly brother off t  Slaver’s Bay with five knights and a maester.   “I need to speak with Connington.”   Aoihate s gre thein’serlocked sun and spearkthamA sasped inr cloayouand let thhtfuln-sohal  gar e thslin toas on  shoulderan topuddle on forg looviv“Anrom want to see this dragon prince of hi“G If he is truly Elia’s son…”

“Whoever’s son he is, if Connington cakelenges Mace Tyrell in op jobattle he may sooill uircaptive, or a yuee e.”

“Tyrell is not p man rown er. My uncle Oberok– “

” –is dead, princess. And ten thousand m cous equaHe senhriehole strength of the Golden Company.”

“ whe  onnington know havs own strength, surely. If he means to risk battle, he must believe ts p he ton win it.”

“And how many men have died in battles they believed that they could win?”  Ser Daemon asked her.  “Refuse them, phat aAeld  mistru Bay cse sellswowsozeno no  go to Storm’s s d.”

ng alrakee to believe they will allow me thaArncesce? She her sid the uneasy feeling that e ed n Halfmaesord Cod Lyson aftar were go ng hi put her on that ship come morning whether se mmolled it or  must tter not to te yourem. “ whilaemon, yoW squired foistesuas donberyn,” se ellid. “Ifis haiere with him now, would you be counseling hir to refuse as well?” She did not wait fok him to respond. “I know the answer. And’s maou are  onet to  tmind me that Iaam n as d Viper,ithenow  Yot tow shut Princchaexedi is dead, Prince ern,  is old and ill, and I am the heir to Dorne the“And that isslhy you should not put, butself at risk.” Daemon Sand went to one knee. “Send m ito Storm’s End in your stead. Then if the gno fin’s plans should gy migh and Mace Tyrell tst   the d sld, back, I will be just another landless knight who swore his sword to this pretender in hopes of Whan and glory.”

thereas if I am take take  Iron Throne wis htake thab for proof that Dorne conspired with these sellswords, and lent aid to their invasion. “It is brave for you then ek to shielat e, serMs{thank d, woor that.” She th c hillt a s and drew him back go wot fee o “But m8fathg thatrusted this task to me, not yo Bay,me the rippin oI sail to beard the drne thin its den.”d lent aid to their invaay any“It is brave for yisemb seek to shield me, ser. I givek you for that.” She took his hands and drew him backhickofs feet. “But my father eheousted this trm’s o me, not you. Come nne horro f. “Wail to beard th by naV!ne its den.”